---
weight: 27
title: Release 10.16.0.369
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.328-10.16.0.369-->


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>In the "Data points graph" widget, when realtime is enabled and users double-click on a chart, the time range expands now and the data for the current range is shown.</td>
<td>MTM-55199</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where measurements created at the same time were not displayed in dashboards in the same row, and when using the option to create multiple measurements at once, only the first one from the list was displayed.</td>
<td>MTM-54107</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where the group icon did not change its state from closed to open.</td>
<td>MTM-54973</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>The <b>Add report</b> button is now disabled when the user does not have sufficient permissions.</td>
<td>MTM-55195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Java SDK</td>
<td>Resolved an issue where multiple realtime API subscriptions made in quick succession could cause an invalid subscription state, leading to subscriptions receiving duplicate notifications.</td>
<td>MTM-55422</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Java SDK</td>
<td>Fixed an issue in the Java realtime notification SDK where a client would stop trying to re-establish a subscription after receiving a "402::Unknown client" error from the Cumulocity IoT platform. The impact of this issue was that future notifications would not be delivered to the client. Typically, the problem was observed after the subscription was moved from one Cumulocity IoT core node to another, for example after a core restart or a network outage. This issue has now been resolved, and the notification subscription is transparently restored with no impact to the client.</td>
<td>MTM-54196</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>Due to an issue with the npm registry, a workaround has been implemented which allows you to load node packages from another registry. For details, see <a href="/release-10-15-0/announcements-10-15-0/" class="no-ajaxy">Important announcements<a/>.</td>
<td>MTM-55504</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>Custom WebSDK implementations using the <code>ContextDashboardComponent</code> are now shown with the correct title instead of an empty one.</td>
<td>MTM-55251</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>An issue was fixed where the asset widget was not rendering if deeply nested custom properties were selected.</td>
<td>MTM-55306</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
