---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.41
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.1.0 - 10.15.333.0; 10.16.0.0-10.16.0.41-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>A widget developer can now set the global time context for the whole dashboard or a particular widget. It is also possible to share a dashboard with a specific time context via a URL with the time context parameters applied.</td>
<td>MTM-48051</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>A new generic way of showing alerts in context of specific dashboard widgets has been implemented. For now it is only available in the "Pie chart" widget where users get an alert with a warning about negative values, but the solution is reusable and may be implemented in any widget.</td>

<td>MTM-47066</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Changes made to an item in the data point library will now also apply to already existing widgets if the item has been used in their configuration. For this purpose a new way of loading data for widgets with the interface "DynamicDetailsResolver" has been added to the Web SDK . More details can be found in the Tutorial application.

This allows to combine the requests of multiple widgets to the same resources, resulting in a single request per resource instead of one per widget.
This functionality can be used by anyone who develops a custom widget based on Angular and is not limited to data points.</td>
<td>MTM-43415</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>The "Image" widget has been migrated from AngularJS to Angular.
The images are now no longer uploaded with the <code>c8y_Global</code> attribute and thus are no longer accessible for every user of the tenant. Instead, they are now stored as a <code>childAddition</code> of the dashboard.</td>
<td>MTM-48437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>It is now possible to filter inventory search results for showing devices and/or groups and assets.</td>
<td>MTM-47286</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>In the data explorer, the <b>Create smart rule</b> option has been added back to the context menu for datapoint selection list items.</td>

<td>MTM-49612</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td> The following Maven dependency changes have been made in the <code>cumulocity-clients-java</code> SDK:
<br>- the internal model related dependencies with dedicated <code>java-client-model</code> have been replaced
<br>- a new svenson dependency dedicated for the SDK has been introduced which replaces the internal one
<br>- the javax validation dependency has been updated to <code>jakarta.validation-api</code> version 2.0.2
<br>If your microservice does not define explicit dependencies to the <code>core-model</code> or <code>application-model</code> no additional work should be required, otherwise you should remove the above dependencies and replace them with <code>java-client-model</code>.
<br>If your microservice already defines the javax validation dependency adjust the  version to the one from the SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-46315</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td> If tracking the user experience is enabled for a user, the <b>Knowledge Hub</b> button used to show up automatically in the UI. Users can now enable or disable the Knowledge Hub in the user settings separately. </td>
<td>
MTM-45735</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>The Web SDK has been upgraded to Angular 14.</td>
<td>
MTM-43453</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>Added a <b>Grids</b> &gt; <b>Device grid</b> tab in the Tutorial application to present usage examples for the DeviceGridComponent.</td>
<td>
MTM-31785</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>A set of new <code>ApplicationOptions</code> (<code>mapWidgetPageSize</code>, <code>mapWidgetRealtimeDisabled</code>, <code>mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint</code>) specific to the Map widget have been introduced. These allow, for example, to increase the default page size of the Map widget. For details, see <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1013.0.292/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1013.0.292/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint</a>.
<td>MTM-48427</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>The c8ycli tool, which is used to create web applications based on the Cumulocity IoT Web SDK, has been enhanced with an option to analyze the resulting bundle size. This can be used by serving the app in production mode and providing the port for analyzing the bundle sizes, for example:
<br>
<code>c8ycli server --env.mode=production --env.bundleAnalyzer=6969</code>
</td>
<td>MTM-48504</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>In <code>@c8y/ngx-components</code>, a validation directive for checking JSON path expressions has been added.</td>
<td>DM-1135</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>The "Image" widget now offers various new options regarding the image sizing and placement.</td>
<td>MTM-48972</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Scheduled export configurations are now correctly copied when duplicating exports. </td>
<td>
MTM-45960</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with the datapoint selector in report dashboards. Now datapoints are selectable again. </td>
<td>
MTM-47157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Wizards with the same name but a different wizard ID are no longer interpreted as duplicates. </td>
<td>
MTM-47174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td>Instead of an alert, a warning message is now shown when deleting assets in the <b>Subassets</b> page, which informs the user that the total number shown in the assets counter might be incorrect.</td>
<td>
MTM-47676</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>An issue has been fixed which led to showing an error message for the "Welcome" widget for older tenants using a deprecated version of the Home dashboard.</td>
<td>MTM-48255</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Toggling tracking on and off multiple times will no longer break the "Map" widget.</td>
<td>MTM-47114</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Fixed an issue in the data explorer that prevented users from downloading CSV/Excel reports for multiple data points of the same device.</td>
<td>MTM-47517</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>The "Welcome" widget in the Cockpit application is now reliably displaying the <b>Register device</b> link as long as the "Devicemanagement" application is subscribed to the tenant.</td>
<td>MTM-49324</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Java SDK</td>
<td>Fixed an issue with the <code>AlarmRepresentation</code> comparison in the <code>equals</code> and <code>hashcode</code> methods. Now, instead of comparing the full <code>ManagedObjectRepresentation</code> as the source of alarms, we only compare the managed objects ID. There is no change in <code>ManagedObjectRepresentation</code>.</td>
<td>MTM-49181</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>Fixed an issue with pagination in the DataGrid component, making the view user-friendly and correctly readable. When initialized with currentPage other than page number 1, the page selector highlighted page 1, despite the items being loaded correctly from the requested page. This behavior will no longer occur.</td>
<td>
MTM-42798</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>An issue was resolved, that let the <code>c8y-messages</code> component throw a "Parameter 'key' required" error when used in combination with a <code>c8y-form-group</code>.</td>
<td>
MTM-48268</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>The initial requests of the "Map" widget have been reduced. The location update events are only retrieved on demand for a specific device instead of requests for all devices.</td>
<td>
MTM-48251</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The "total number of items" counter now shows the correct value when deleting nested subgroups. </td>
<td>
MTM-44930</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> It is no longer possible to drag and drop folders in the navigator menu to the root group when the user only has inventory role permissions. </td>
<td>
MTM-46992</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> An issue has been fixed, which led to applications not starting in the Safari Browser. </td>
<td>
MTM-47514</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Fixed the issue that a wrong icon was displayed for smart groups in search results. </td>
MTM-45976</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>Fixed an issue with custom translation files not working in custom applications built based on the Device Management application. Now translations show up properly in the UI.</td>
<td>
MTM-47001</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>Validation messages inside a <code>c8y-form-group</code> are no longer shown twice in certain cases.</td>
<td>MTM-48548</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>The <code>c8y_Global</code> fragment is no longer missing on newly created datapoint library entries.
In addition the <code>DatapointLibraryModule</code> can now be configured to not add the <code>c8y_Global</code> fragment or let the user decide if it should be added.</td>
<td>MTM-49213</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
