---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.14.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.13.1.0 - 10.13.135.0 -->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The "add dashboard" functionality has been moved next to the tabs to make it more intuitive to use. Prior to this change, it was available through the plus button in the top menu bar. </td>
<td>
MTM-17098</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. </td>
<td>
MTM-43932</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Custom Cockpit applications can now be configured to your individual needs. Certain features can be removed, modified, or added by an application administrator. Additionally, the administrator can let a different group being displayed as the entry node for the asset hierarchy in the navigator. To use this feature, clone the Cockpit application to your tenant and open it. Then navigate to <b>Configuration</b> > <b><b>App configuration</b> and align the currently used Cockpit application to your needs. (Link to documentation to be added later)</td>
<td>
MTM-44446</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> The cookie banner has been updated to follow the current legal requirements. You can now directly reject all cookies if there are other cookies necessary than strictly required ones. </td>
<td>
MTM-44393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Contextual help is now available in the platform, accessible through a question mark icon in the top bar. This feature adds a drawer with a short introduction on the page's functionality and a direct link to guides for more detailed information. (Link to documentation to be added later) </td>
<td>
MTM-35438</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The RepositoryModule has been split into multiple smaller modules. This allows to include specific repositories (for example, the firmware repository) in custom WebSDK apps without being forced to also include all other repositories (such as the configuration and software repository). </td>
<td>
MTM-42305</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td> Custom applications built with the Web SDK can now use a component that allows to easily select assets (devices or groups). This is particularly helpful when developing a new widget, as the context of the widget can easily be chosen. </td>
<td>
MTM-35915</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Web SDK</td>
<td> A tutorial <i>Add a Jest-based unit test</i> has been added to the documentation which describes how to run unit tests when using the Web SDK, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/web/tutorials/" class="no-ajaxy">https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/tutorials/</a> in the <i>Web SDK guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43145</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Root nodes in cockpit and devicemanagement are now queried via the <code>onlyRoots</code> query parameter. This allows assigning different types to groups so that it is possible now to use groups with different types in the platform. However, this might come with a performance impact if you use a lot of root groups. You can disable this feature with a feature flag called <code>disableOnlyRootsQuery</code> in a custom Cockpit or Device Management application. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/web/application-configuration/#application-options/" class="no-ajaxy">Application configuration >
Application options</a> in the <i>Web SDK guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-41110</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> A more efficient approach for determining the number of devices needed for ordering the quick links is now used. It does no longer include counting the total number of devices where slow response times have been reported for some environments. </td>
<td>MTM-42943</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> In the <b>Groups</b> page, it is now also possible to sort via the alarms column. </td>
<td>
MTM-43085</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Editing values for custom properties in the "Asset Properties" widget will no longer change their type from numeric to string. </td>
<td>
MTM-43205</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> While editing the label of a data point in the data explorer, the list had been reordered before completing the edits. This reordering issue has been fixed by only sorting the list on load. </td>
<td>
MTM-42807</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> References to Cumulocity IoT in the smartphone wizard have been replaced with white-labeled terms. </td>
<td>
DM-672</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
