---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.14.0.45
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.13.1.0 - 10.13.168.0; 10.14.0.1 - 10.14.0.45 -->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The "add dashboard" functionality has been moved next to the tabs to make it more intuitive to use. Prior to this change, it was available through the plus button in the top menu bar. </td>
<td>
MTM-17098</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing non-datapoint related widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. </td>
<td>
MTM-43932</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation </td>
<td> A tutorial "Custom widget plugin with Module Federation" has been added to the documentation which describes how to create a custom widget plugin with the Web SDK. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/web/tutorials/" class="no-ajaxy">Tutorials<a/> in the <i>Web SDK guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-42307</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Java SDK and Microservice SDK are now compatible with Java 17. </td>
<td>
MTM-44319</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> In order to address the Spring4Shell vulnerability (CVE-2022-22965), the following third parties have been upgraded:
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.14 and 10.13: Spring Boot has been upgraded to version 2.5.12.
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.11: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.3.18.
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.10 and 10.9: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.2.20.RELEASE.
<br>- For Microservice SDK 10.7: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.2.20.RELEASE.
<br>It is recommended that customers re-build their microservices with these updated SDKs.</td>
<td>
MTM-44862</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> The cookie banner has been updated to follow the current legal requirements. You can now directly reject all cookies if there are other cookies necessary than strictly required ones. </td>
<td>
MTM-44393</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Contextual help is now available in the platform, accessible through a question mark icon in the top bar. This feature adds a drawer with a short introduction on the page's functionality and a direct link to guides for more detailed information. (Link to documentation to be added later) </td>
<td>
MTM-35438</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>The RepositoryModule has been split into multiple smaller modules. This enables the inclusion of specific repositories (for example, the firmware repository) in custom WebSDK apps without being forced to also include all other repositories (such as the configuration and software repository).</td>
<td>
MTM-42305</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td>Custom applications built with the Web SDK can now use a component that allows easy selection of assets (devices or groups). This is particularly helpful when developing a new widget, as the context of the widget can easily be chosen. </td>
<td>
MTM-35915</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 Web SDK</td>
<td> A tutorial <i>Add a Jest-based unit test</i> has been added to the documentation which describes how to run unit tests when using the Web SDK, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/web/tutorials/" class="no-ajaxy">Tutorials</a> in the <i>Web SDK guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43145</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Root nodes in cockpit and devicemanagement are now queried via the <code>onlyRoots</code> query parameter. This allows assigning different types to groups so that it is possible now to use groups with different types in the platform. However, this might come with a performance impact if you use a lot of root groups. You can disable this feature with a feature flag called <code>disableOnlyRootsQuery</code> in a custom Cockpit or Device Management application. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/web/application-configuration/#application-options" class="no-ajaxy">Application configuration >
Application options</a> in the <i>Web SDK guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-41110</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The component c8y-ui-empty-state has been migrated to Angular. It is still available in AngularJS as a downgraded component and can be used with the new syntax, see example below:
<br>
<br>Before:
<br><code>&lt;c8y-ui-empty-state
<br>  ng-if="vm.policies.length === 0"
<br>  icon="'c8y-tenant-policies'"
<br>  data-title="'No tenant policies to display.' | translate"
<br>  subtitle="'Click below to add your first tenant policy.' | translate"
<br>&gt;
<br>&lt;!-- custom content --&gt;
<br>&lt;/c8y-ui-empty-state&gt; </code>
<br>
<br>After:
<br><code>&lt;c8y-ui-empty-state
<br>  ng-if="vm.policies.length === 0"
<br>  [icon]="'c8y-tenant-policies'"
<br>  [title]="'No tenant policies to display.' | translate"
<br>  [subtitle]="'Click below to add your first tenant policy.' | translate"
<br>&gt;
<br>  &lt;!-- custom content --&gt;
<br>&lt;/c8y-ui-empty-state&gt; </td>
<td>
MTM-36010</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> To improve the performance, a more efficient approach for determining the number of devices needed for ordering the quick links is now used. </td>
<td>MTM-42943</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> In the <b>Groups</b> page, it is now also possible to sort via the alarms column. </td>
<td>
MTM-43085</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Editing values for custom properties in the "Asset Properties" widget will no longer change their type from numeric to string. </td>
<td>
MTM-43205</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> References to Cumulocity IoT in the smartphone wizard have been replaced with white-labeled terms. </td>
<td>
DM-672</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Validation issues with the `lastMeasurement` fragment in the "Asset properties" widget have been fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-44395</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with some files (for example, *.xlsx) being corrupted when downloaded via link {tenant-domain}/apps/administration/#/files?download={binaryId}. Now the files are downloaded correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-41800</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with saving data in the "Device data" widget when the <b>LPWAN device</b> > <b>Provisioned</b> item was rendered as a text field. Now it's rendered as a checkbox and the data can be saved correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-45040</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Documentation</td>
<td> For more clarity, additional information has been added to the documentation on the counters in the <b>Alarms</b> page/tab. See <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/users-guide/device-management/#alarm-monitoring" class="no-ajaxy">Device Management > Working with alarms</a> in the <i>User guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-44477</td>
</tr>

<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td> The vulnerable library xercesImpl 2.7.2 has been removed from the Cumulocity IoT SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-44396</td>
</tr>

<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td> PlatformImpl and PlatformParameters are no longer directly exposed as Spring beans. The reason for this change is to avoid unintentionally mixing Spring managed, with Spring unmanaged instances of platform APIs, which could lead to resource leaks.
Platform interface and/or API interfaces can be used to obtain all, or parts of platform features.
@EnableMicroservicePlatformApi now provides all platform API beans in both tenant and user scopes.
Also API getters on Platform bean will now return the same singleton that can be auto-wired directly. </td>
<td>
MTM-41543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Fixed the issue where the microservice proxy removed trailing slashes from request URIs passed to microservices. </td>
<td>
MTM-43037</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The error message which shows up on uploading an invalid microservice docker image has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-39240</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The vulnerable library xercesImpl 2.7.2 has been removed from the Cumulocity IoT SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-44396</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> In various places in various applications a typeahead search control was shown in the background of an open window which distracted the interaction with the window. This issue is now fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-44789</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with missing buttons and links to the <i>User guide</i> in empty pages, for example in the <b>Global smart rules</b> page in the Cockpit application. </td>
<td>
MTM-45793</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
