---
weight: 18
title: Release 10.15.0.386
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.0.378 - 10.15.0.386-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>In the SmartREST templates editor, issues with the presentation of the <b>External ID type</b> field for inventory POST messages have been fixed. Under <b>CSV preview</b>, the generated "Template creation CSV" has been adjusted to include the ID/externalId/externalIdType values.</td>
<td>DM-2093</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>In the device grid, issues with applying filters have been fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2321</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>Bulk device registrations and other operations being executed on the LWM2M connector device now show the status FAILED if a problem occurs. Prior to this change, partial failures were reported as SUCCESSFUL.</td>
<td>DM-1951</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>The LWM2M agent now ignores trailing commas at the end of object links in the registration request of a LWM2M client.</td>
<td>DM-2342</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>In certain cases, the registration couldn't be associated to a LWM2M 1.1 SEND request, leading to a 4.04 CoAP response. This is now fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2270</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>If the namespace is not defined for a specific node, a missing error handler in the past prevented the scan operation to complete. This is now fixed by skipping nodes that cannot be read. The opcua-device-gateway logs further detail in such cases. The log level INFO contains the failure message and DEBUG contains the stacktrace.</td>
<td>DM-1920</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
