---
weight: 38
title: Release 10.15.0.79
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.0.44 - 10.15.0.79-->


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The OPCUA device gateway creates an application identity certificate to identify itself with the OPCUA server. During the upgrade of the OPCUA gateway from version 10.11 or earlier to 10.13 and later, the private key of this application identity is encrypted internally and saved. The encryption of the old identity was faulty in the earlier releases of 10.13 and later, which led to issues with the server connection using Sign or SignAndEncrypt security mode after the upgrade. This issue is now resolved. Users who configured the OPCUA server after the upgrade, or did a new configuration with 10.13 or later versions are unaffected by the issue. The issue was only during the encryption of old identities. </td>
<td>
DM-1246</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The OPC UA artefacts on Edge have the JVM heap size defined relative to the defined memory limit for the container. Security improvements have been added to limit the Docker capabilities. </td>
<td>
DM-1327</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The nodes of the OPC UA server address space contain hierarchical references that are used by the opcua-device-gateway to traverse the address space tree during the address space scans. The partial address space scans used to require the inverse hierarchical direction for the start node and its parent nodes. Now partial scan also works when the start node or its parent nodes do not contain the inverse hierarchical references.

Moreover, for better troubleshooting during scans debug/trace logs have been added to all opcua-device-gateway address space scanners.
For more details on how to enable them, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/protocol-integration/opcua/#changing-the-log-level-for-troubleshooting" class="no-ajaxy">OPCUA > Troubleshooting</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>. </td>
<td>
DM-1008</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
