---
weight: 21
title: Release 10.15.0.358
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.0.330 - 10.15.0.358-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>The performance of the <code>migrateLwm2mDevices</code> operation has been improved. New command line arguments have been introduced with the operation. A list of legacy LWM2M devices can be specified directly from the shell command. Moreover, the migration of the LWM2M client registration objects can be skipped by using an argument. Refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#migration-of-the-lwm2m-devices" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > LWM2M connector device > Migration of the LWM2M devices</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i> for details.</td>
<td>DM-1866</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Connectivity</td>
<td>Due to compatibility issues of the connectivity microservice with the Kite provider, an error occurred on the metrics page, when the monthly consumption data was an out-of-scope integer. This has been fixed by changing the data type.</td>
<td>DM-1566</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>When removing a device which has child devices, users can now select either to remove a device user or to remove all child devices. Prior to this change, it was possible to select both options in the UI, but such an action is not supported by the backend.</td>
<td>MTM-45277</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>In the advanced-software-mgmt microservice creating or deleting a software package with special characters caused an error. This has been fixed by escaping them.</td>
<td>DM-2026</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>SmartREST Inventory GET templates created in the UI did not generate responses when there was no external ID type declared in the template. This issue has been addressed for both existing and newly created templates.</td>
<td>DM-2126</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>Two new LWM2M shell commands have been added.
<br>- The new <code>executelegacy</code> command allows LWM2M execute requests with non-standard LWM2M parameters. The behavior of this operation resembles the semantics of the existing <code>execute</code> operation until version 10.15.
<br>- The new <code>coap</code> shell command enables making raw CoAP requests to devices to facilitate non-standard communication in exceptional cases.
<br>For details, refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/guides/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#shell-commands" class="no-ajaxy">LWM2M > Handling LWM2M shell commands<a/> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>.</td>
<td>DM-2153</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>Multi-line LWM2M post-operations were not executed right after the LWM2M device's new registration when realtime was disabled for the tenant who owns the device. As a result the device might not receive these operations until the next LWM2M device's registration update. This issue is now resolved and LWM2M post-operations are executed right after the LWM2M device's new registration, no matter whether realtime is enabled or not for this kind of devices.</td>
<td>DM-2100</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
