---
weight: 40
title: Cloud deployment
layout: redirect
---

### Change in basic diagnostics information

The EPL memory profiler snapshots, which were previously only included in the enhanced diagnostics information, are now also included in the basic diagnostics information. This is helpful in case a high memory usage alarm is raised when the Apama-ctrl microservice consumes 90% of the maximum memory permitted for the microservice container and you only have basic diagnostics information available. See also [Downloading diagnostics and logs](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/troubleshooting/#diagnostics-download) in the user documentation.

### New EPL sample

A new EPL sample named "Receive update notifications"
can now be accessed from the EPL editor of the Streaming Analytics application.
It shows how to write an EPL app that can distinguish between notifications for creating and updating managed objects, measurements, alarms, events, and operations.
See also [Developing apps with the Streaming Analytics application](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/epl-apps/#dev-apps-with-sa)
in the user documentation.

For more detailed information, see [Receiving update notifications](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pam/10.15.3/en/webhelp/pam-webhelp/index.html#page/pam-webhelp%2Fco-ConApaAppToExtCom_cumulocity_receiving_update_notifications.html) in the Apama documentation for the Cumulocity IoT transport connectivity plug-in.

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

The input blocks can now receive inputs from all devices by default. You can now simplify global tasks by creating a single Analytics Builder model that works with inputs from all devices, for example, send an email for every critical alarm of type `C8Y_TemperatureAlarm` that is generated. A new **All Devices** option is available for this purpose.
When you edit the parameters of a newly added input block, the **All Devices** option is now set by default. See also [Editing the parameters of a block](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#editing-the-parameters-of-a-block) in the user documentation.
You can also use the new **All Devices** option to replace all input sources. Keep in mind that the replace dialog box is used for both input blocks and output blocks. So when you replace a device with the new **All Devices** option, all matching output devices are automatically changed to trigger devices.
See also [Replacing sources or destinations](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#replacing-sources-or-destinations) in the user documentation.

The [Constant Value](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/block-reference/#constant-value) block now supports `float` and `boolean` value types
and can produce output of these types. This enables the block's output to be consumed by other blocks that take input of type `float` or `boolean` like the blocks in
the **Logic** and **Aggregate** categories. The **Type** parameter is also now optional. If a type is not selected, the type of the output value is inferred from the **Value** parameter.

An icon is now provided for removing a template parameter from the **Template Parameter** dialog box.
The actions menu (the three vertical dots at the end of a row) has therefore been removed. See also [Managing template parameters](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder/#managing-template-parameters) in the user documentation.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When filtering the models in the model manager by <b>Mode</b> and <b>Status</b>, the filter is now also applied to template models.
Prior to this fix, the filter was only applied to models without template parameters.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-4127</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
