---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.15.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.15.0 correlator.
See also [What's New In Apama 10.15.0](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pam/10.15.0/en/webhelp/pam-webhelp/index.html#page/pam-webhelp%2Fco-WhaNewInApa_10150_top.html)
in the Apama documentation.

### Improvements for multi-tenancy

Custom microservices containing Apama can now be multi-tenant.
See also the information on running and testing the monitor file in [Developing apps with Software AG Designer](https://cumulocity.com/guides/apama/analytics-introduction/#sag-designer)
and the required settings in the microservice manifest in [Deploying Apama applications as microservices](https://cumulocity.com/guides/apama/analytics-introduction/#deploying-as-microservice),
both in the *Streaming Analytics guide*.

### Improvements for requests with concurrent connections

In order to provide better performance for requests to the Cumulocity IoT platform, Streaming Analytics now uses multiple client connections to perform requests concurrently. 
You can adjust the default number of connections using the `client.numClients` tenant option in the `streaminganalytics` category.
See also [Optimizing requests with concurrent connections](https://cumulocity.com/guides/apama/advanced/#optimize-requests) in the *Streaming Analytics guide*.

The new concurrent connection capability provides improved performance for all smart rules, Analytics Builder models and EPL apps that were previously restricted in performance 
because they had to wait for other, unrelated, Streaming Analytics requests to complete before they could make their own requests.

### Improvements for hiding the version information

It is now possible to hide the version information that is by default shown at the bottom of the Streaming Analytics home screen and the Analytics Builder (model manager) and EPL Apps (EPL app manager) pages.
You can do this by setting the `hidePowered` application option to `true`. If this option is not set or set to `false`, the version information is shown at the bottom of these pages.
See also [Branding and language customization](https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-language-customization) in the *Web SDK guide*.

### Improvements for customizing the documentation links

It is now possible to customize all of the documentation links that are shown in the Streaming Analytics application so that they point to a different website.
You can do this by setting the following new properties at the top of the *documentation.json* file to different base URLs:
- `apamaWebHelpBaseLink`
- `analyticsBuilderWebHelpBaseLink`
- `cumulocityGuideBaseLink`

See also [Customizing the home screen of the Streaming Analytics application](https://cumulocity.com/guides/apama/advanced/#customize-home-screen) in the *Streaming Analytics guide*.

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

Additional Analytics Builder samples are now available in the model editor. The provided samples now cover all of the smart rules from Cumulocity IoT.

Detailed descriptions have been added for the Analytics Builder samples. You can see the first lines of such a description in a tooltip when you move the mouse over the card for a sample, 
or you can see the full description when you view a sample (or create a model from the sample) and then open the Model Configuration dialog box.

It is now possible to search for Analytics Builder samples with specific words in their names and to filter them by tags.

In the previous release, the template parameter names in the Analytics Builder samples were only available in English. 
As of this release, translations are available for the supported languages.

The [Alarm Output](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.15.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Output_CreateAlarm.html) 
and 
[Measurement Output](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.15.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Output_CreateMeasurement.html) 
blocks now have a new **Params Fragment** parameter and a new **Properties** input port. 
These can be used to set custom properties, similar to the already existing functionality of the 
[Event Output](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.15.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Output_CreateEvent.html) block.

The [Alarm Output](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.15.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Output_CreateAlarm.html)
block now has a new **Create Asynchronous Output** parameter. It is not selected by default which reflects the block's previous behavior. 
When selected, alarms can now be created and cleared asynchronously.

> **Caution:** Special care must be taken when using the **Create Asynchronous Output** parameter. This may result in infinite loops during model execution 
(for the same model or across multiple models), leading to performance degradation or the application running out of memory.
For example, a loop can occur if the model consumes an alarm input of type `<foo>` and produces an alarm output of type `<foo>` for the same device;
the output generated by the model is then again consumed by the same model as an input, resulting in a loop.

Analytics Builder now supports the `globalTitle` branding option for the category names in the model editor. 
See also [Branding and language customization](https://cumulocity.com/guides/web/application-configuration/#branding-and-language-customization) in the *Web SDK guide*.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Parallel processing of incoming requests now uses the <code>x-core-origin</code> header to distribute incoming requests. 
  This header is supplied by the Cumulocity IoT platform for incoming requests to Apama.
  A new user status metric is provided that indicates the number of measurements processed per channel and which is updated every 10 seconds.
  For example: <code>cumulocity.measurement.splitter.1.processed</code>.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-2960</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>