---
weight: 34
title: Release 10.15.0.6
layout: redirect
---

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.15.0.7 (which is the same as Apama 10.15.2.1).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <code>/prometheus</code> endpoint of the Apama-ctrl microservices is now
restricted to only the bootstrap tenant and internal monitoring from Cumulocity IoT Operations.
It now contains all of the metrics published by the correlator and user applications running in it.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3605</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">For reasons of security and performance, the REST endpoint
<code>/service/cep/health</code> no longer returns a comprehensive list of status values.
All of the same information is still available from REST endpoints under <code>/service/cep/diagnostics/...</code>.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3526</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Requests from a user who is logged in using TFA were rejected when Apama-ctrl-smartrules or
Apama-ctrl-smartrulesmt microservice backends are used. This issue has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3654</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Requests from a user who is logged in using OAI-Secure were rejected when Apama-ctrl-smartrules or
Apama-ctrl-smartrulesmt microservice backends are used. This issue has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3650</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When the <b>Create Alarm</b> block was raising a new alarm, there was a chance for duplicate events to be delivered to the worker,
causing multiple invocations for the same input. This issue has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3636</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">EPL Apps</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Performance optimizations have been made which should improve high-throughput measurement use cases.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3614</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Smart rules</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The smart rule implementation now handles concurrent CRUD requests with the same ID as the smart rule
and ensures the consistency of the smart rule instances (that is, no stale smart rules instances are running).
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3657</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama runtime</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When a measurement was received containing multiple fragments/series
with multiple "value and unit" entries, NULL keys were generated in the resulting measurement representation.
This resulted in WARN messages which contained
<code>Unable to parse event com.apama.cumulocity.Measurement: Ambiguous extraField key: ""</code>.
This issue has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAM-34222</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
