---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.1.0 - 10.15.118.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Actility</td>
<td> Users can now configure the application server key, application server ID, core API version and admin API version in the UI while creating an Actility connection instead of configuring these values in the properties file.</td>
<td>
DM-1142; DM-1171</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Loriot LoRa</td>
<td> The Loriot LoRa agent now supports the configuration of multiple LNS connections. </td>
<td>
DM-819</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Loriot LoRa</td>
<td> For devices registered with the Loriot agent, downlink operations can now be sent from the <b>Shell</b> tab. </td>
<td>
DM-1176</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA </td>
<td> DeviceTypeMappings of a managed object are now stored beside the device gateway to reduce the size of the managed object stored in the inventory. </td>
<td>
DM-304</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cloud Remote Access</td>
<td> The behavior of the Cloud Remote Access UI functionality has been improved. The microservice subscription is now checked before the microservice health check, in order to prevent unnecessary delays on loading device details within the Device Management application for tenants which are not using this feature. </td>
<td>
MTM-44680</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> In the device list view, when a custom column is added it is always positioned after all default columns. </td>
<td>
DM-1309</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Device Management</td>
<td> On a device grid, when applying filters to columns, this is now saved to the configuration for the grid, and when users returns to the same page the filters will be visualized and applied. </td>
<td>
DM-1228</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The nodes of the OPC UA server address space contain hierarchical references that are used by the opcua-device-gateway to traverse the address space tree during the address space scans. The partial address space scans used to require the inverse hierarchical direction for the start node and its parent nodes. Now partial scan also works when the start node or its parent nodes do not contain the inverse hierarchical references.

Moreover, for better troubleshooting during scans debug/trace logs have been added to all opcua-device-gateway address space scanners.
For more details on how to enable them, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/protocol-integration/opcua/#changing-the-log-level-for-troubleshooting" class="no-ajaxy">OPCUA > Troubleshooting</a> in the <i>Protocol integration guide</i>. </td>
<td>
DM-1008</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The OPC UA artefacts on Edge have the JVM heap size defined relative to the defined memory limit for the container. Security improvements have been added to limit the Docker capabilities. </td>
<td>
DM-1327</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
OPC UA</td>
<td> The OPCUA device gateway creates an application identity certificate to identify itself with the OPCUA server. During the upgrade of the OPCUA gateway from version 10.11 or earlier to 10.13 and later, the private key of this application identity is encrypted internally and saved. The encryption of the old identity was faulty in the earlier releases of 10.13 and later, which led to issues with the server connection using Sign or SignAndEncrypt security mode after the upgrade. This issue is now resolved. Users who configured the OPCUA server after the upgrade, or did a new configuration with 10.13 or later versions are unaffected by the issue. The issue was only during the encryption of old identities. </td>
<td>
DM-1246</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
