---
weight: 28
title: Release 10.16.0.327
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.317-10.16.0.327-->


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Device management</td>
<td>In the <b>Device profiles</b> page, when adding a repository item (software, firmware, configuration) if the device profile has a device type defined, the items shown either correspond to this device type or they don't have a device type specified. In some cases, repository items without a filter were not visualized in the window for adding an item. These items are now correctly shown.</td>
<td>DM-2547</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>When reading an entire LWM2M object which contains multiple object instances in a simple read, observer or send operation, the LWM2M agent processed and stored only one of the resources of these object instances. This is now resolved and the LWM2M agent processes and stores all resource data from multiple object instances correctly.</td>
<td>DM-2426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>During a large number of parallel LWM2M DTLS device connection requests, used for devices using PSK secured mode, the LWM2M agent was not able to handle all connections at the same time. This caused connection failures for these devices to the platform. In the LWM2M agent, the default settings for this part have been adjusted and made configurable to serve large parallel connections.</td>
<td>DM-2651</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>If thousands of decoder events were pending to be processed, the LWM2M agent tried to process the same event twice in certain cases. As a result, the log file showed confusing SDK exceptions. This has now been fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2659</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>The application of OPC UA device protocols was unreliable when there were more than 1000 protocols. This is now fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2634</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
