---
weight: 36
title: 10.18.0.378
layout: redirect
---

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
These release notes refer to build versions:
- cumulocity: 1018.0.378
- ui-c8y: 1018.0.246
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}


### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Authentication</td>
<td>Fixed a random issue ("invalid TFA token due to user inactivity") when logging in using the user alias and TFA SMS with basic authentication.</td>
<td>MTM-56608</td>
<td>10.18.0.373</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Core platform</td>
<td>Previously, the status for operations with a <code>failureReason</code> fragment could not be changed from FAILED, since the <code>failureReason</code> fragment was not allowed for other statuses. Now <code>failureReason</code> is automatically removed when moving an operation from the FAILED status.</td>
<td>MTM-57995</td>
<td>10.18.0.377</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Data broker</td>
<td>An issue has been resolved where the microservice-based data broker might fail to forward messages to the destination tenant after recovering from a temporary loss of connection to the Messaging Service. This connection loss could be caused by, for example, a transient network interruption or by maintenance on the Messaging Service.</td>
<td>MTM-57995</td>
<td>10.18.0.373</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Microservices</td>
<td>Cumulocity IoT allows you to deploy microservices which may offer their own REST endpoints that can be used by Cumulocity IoT API client applications. In the <i>cumulocity.json</i> microservice manifest file you can optionally configure horizontal pod auto scaling using the <code>"scale": "AUTO"</code> configuration. When switching the value from "AUTO" to "NONE" the Kubernetes resource "horizontal pod auto scaler" was not removed again if the microservice was already subscribed at the time the new microservice version was uploaded. This problem is now fixed.</td>
<td>MTM-56904</td>
<td>10.18.0.374</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Microservices</td>
<td>Cumulocity IoT allows you to deploy microservices which may offer their own REST endpoints that can be used by Cumulocity IoT API client applications. In the <i>cumulocity.json</i> microservice manifest file you can optionally configure horizontal pod auto scaling using the <code>"scale": "AUTO"</code> configuration. When switching the value from "AUTO" to "NONE" the Kubernetes resource "horizontal pod auto scaler" was not removed again if the microservice was already subscribed at the time the new microservice version was uploaded. This problem is now fixed.</td>
<td>MTM-56904</td>
<td>10.18.0.374</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>
