---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.18.0.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Columns Child asset models and Asset properties are added to the table in <b>Asset models</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-251</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A generic tree view of entities is created for <b>Asset models</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-446</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Lazy loading is implemented for tree view in <b>Assets</b> and <b>Asset tree</b> pages. Removed Expand all and Collapse all functionality.</td>
<td>CTM-553</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now import the selected asset models into a tenant.</td>
<td>CTM-430</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The <b>Export asset model</b> popup now shows a tree view representation of all the asset models.</td>
<td>CTM-444</td>
</tr

<tr>
<td>Users can see a preview of selected asset models that will be imported.</td>
<td>CTM-484</td>
</tr

<tr>
<td>Users can now import the selected asset properties into a tenant.</td>
<td>CTM-431</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can see a preview of selected asset properties that will be imported.</td>
<td>CTM-581</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now export the selected asset models from a tenant.</td>
<td>CTM-428</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now export the selected asset properties from a tenant.</td>
<td>CTM-429</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now import or export a maximum of 250 asset models and 500 asset properties.</td>
<td>CTM-454</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now move the child assets to another asset which belongs to the same asset model.</td>
<td>CTM-491</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A breadcrumb is shown for the <b>Sample Asset Model</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-563</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In the <b>Asset tree</b> page, the count for the number of asset models has been removed.</td>
<td>CTM-559</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In the <b>Asset Tree</b> page, a <b>Reload</b> button is now displayed.</td>
<td>CTM-555</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The import assets layout has been modified to be in sync with other layouts.</td>
<td>CTM-550</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Localizations have been added for the <b>Subassets</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-373</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cell renderers have been added for child asset models and asset properties columns in the <b>Export Asset models</b> popup.</td>
<td>CTM-583</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In <b>Asset model</b> creation page, the <b>New asset property</b> button is always enabled and is by default assigned to the asset model after creation.</td>
<td>CTM-309</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A warning message is shown in the <b>Subassets</b> page when the associated asset model or property gets modified.</td>
<td>CTM-321</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A warning message is shown in the <b>Subassets</b> page when the associated asset model is deleted from the backend.</td>
<td>CTM-333</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A warning message is shown in the <b>Subassets</b> page when the associated asset property is deleted from the backend.</td>
<td>CTM-338</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>A progress bar is shown during the processing of the file for <b>Import asset model</b>, <b>Import asset properties</b>, and <b>Asset model samples</b>.</td>
<td>CTM-582</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed duplication of asset models when imported from the <b>Asset model samples</b>.</td>
<td>CTM-578</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The export button is disabled when there are no selected properties to be exported.</td>
<td>CTM-577</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Deselecting the child asset models after exporting the asset models is fixed. </td>
<td>CTM-576</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Modified the success messages that are shown while creating, updating, and deleting the <b>Asset properties</b>.</td>
<td>CTM-562</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>On clicking the reload button in the <b>Asset tree</b> page, the expanded asset hierarchy is completely closed now.</td>
<td>CTM-558</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed CSS issues in the <b>Asset Models</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-554</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Child asset models and asset properties are shown on expansion of the parent asset model in the <b>Export Asset Models</b> popup.</td>
<td>CTM-551</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The issues observed in the <b>Asset creation</b> page are fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-544</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The Import asset properties dialog box is shown on click of <b>Import asset properties</b>.</td>
<td>CTM-543</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
