---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.17.0.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>The <b>Home</b> screen of the DTM application gives an overview of the application. User can see the number of asset models, asset properties and assets available at a glance and also can add asset properties, asset models and assets using the quick links.
<td>CTM-311</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><b>Assets</b> page now displays tree view representation of the assets for better visualization of hierarchies.</td>
<td>CTM-128</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In the <b>Asset tree</b> page of an asset, user can view its hierarchical/ tree-view representation. The <b>Expand all</b> feature helps viewing the entire hierarchy of the asset at once.</td>
<td>CTM-129</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>User can now search for any asset from the search option available in the top bar.</td>
<td>CTM-227</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The <b>Group</b> asset model available by default in the DTM application is removed.</td>
<td>CTM-388</td>
</tr

<tr>
<td>Navigating to view details of an asset using left navigation is removed.</td>
<td>CTM-389</td>
</tr

<tr>
<td>Child devices of a device can also be assigned to an asset.</td>
<td>CTM-316</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Displaying devices assigned to an asset, is restricted in hierarchical/tree-view representation in the <b>Assets</b> and <b> Asset tree</b> pages.</td>
<td>CTM-422</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A confirmation popup which states that the changes made to the <b>Asset hierarchy</b> will be lost, is shown when a user leaves the page abruptly.</td>
<td>CTM-249</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Asset Properties can be marked as required during the Asset model creation. During asset creation these properties are marked with a hint which indicates the asset property field is required.</td>
<td>CTM-248</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Creation of assets with deep hierarchy will display parent hierarchical details in user convenient way by truncating the parent information in end path of the node not at the begining.</td>
<td>CTM-250</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In the <b>New asset model</b> page, <b>Add child asset model</b> drop down displays description along with asset model name.</td>
<td>CTM-236</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>In the <b>New asset model</b> page, <b>Add asset property</b> drop down displays description along with asset property name.</td>
<td>CTM-237</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Delight 2.0 branding changes has been incorporated to DTM.</td>
<td>CTM-162</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Sorting and filtering is now available for <b>Model name</b> column in <b>Asset models</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-252</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Nomenclature for <b>Asset types</b> and <b>Property library</b> is now changed to <b>Asset Models</b> and <b>Asset properties</b> respectively. Left navigation menu items are updated with respect to their positions along with the modified nomenclature.</td>
<td>CTM-253</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>During the creation of <b>Asset models</b> and <b>Asset properties</b>, the Key field is automatically populated with the value based on the label.</td>
<td>CTM-235</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>DTM microservice now uses API version 2.</td>
<td>CTM-169</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Focus is now set on the <b>Name</b> field while creating the asset.</td>
<td>CTM-238</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>All the parent asset models in the hierarchy of the current asset model are not listed in the <b>Add child asset model</b> selection to restrict cyclical nesting of asset models.</td>
<td>CTM-239</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Issues related to the Asset type icon display in <b>Subassets</b> page has been addressed.</td>
<td>CTM-156</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Asset properties are displayed in the asset details after creation of an asset.</td>
<td>CTM-322</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Issues observed in <b>Assets</b> and <b>Asset tree</b> page related to the display of <b>Import assets</b> and <b>Add asset</b> buttons are fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-382</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>User guide and Asset properties navigation issues observed in <b>Home</b> page are addressed.</td>
<td>CTM-403</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Filter applied on <b>Asset models</b> grid is saved even after changing tabs.</td>
<td>CTM-324</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Create or Cancel operation from <b>Asset tree</b> page will navigate back to  Asset tree page.</td>
<td>CTM-406</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Issue related to child hierarchy creation in <b>Asset tree</b> page is fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-405</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Button name in <b>Assign devices</b> dialog is changed to <b>Enable child devices selection</b>.</td>
<td>CTM-409</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed failing Asset search if there are multiple instances of an asset.</td>
<td>CTM-331</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed abrupt closure of <b>Assign devices</b> dialog after child devices are assigned.</td>
<td>CTM-332</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><b>Import assets</b> button will not be displayed if micro service is not available.</td>
<td>CTM-419</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Delay in the display of message in <b>Localization</b> page is addressed.</td>
<td>CTM-425</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Message is displayed in the <b>Assets model</b> page if there are no Asset models created.</td>
<td>CTM-426</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Translation of the message shown in the confirmation popup on deletion of asset property using Inventory API is added.</td>
<td>CTM-421</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Issue of microservice logging errors on startup and having the status as 'Unhealthy' is resolved.</td>
<td>CTM-432</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Message is added in <b>Asset properties</b> page if there are no asset properties created.</td>
<td>CTM-424</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed the issue of failing bulk import when an asset property of type 'File upload' was present.</td>
<td>CTM-418</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><b>Assets</b> page shows a message if there are no assets created.</td>
<td>CTM-435</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
