---
weight: 35
title: Release 10.10.0.3
layout: redirect
---
This release of the OEE App is addressing UI fixes and improvements as well as fixes of the OEE calculation.

### Improvements

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Until now, all profiles needed a 10 min (600s) default calculation interval. If this interval was not configured for the calculation profile, it was automatically added by OEE application. With this change, it is now possible to define a default calculation interval for each profile, which will be used on the machine park overview. Calculation profiles created before this change, will be migrated to use the 10 min interval as their default interval.<br/><br/>With this change it is now also possible to reduce the number of MEAs created for the calculcation profiles. For slow producing machines, it might, for example, not be required to create a measurement every 10 mins.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-443</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The rule validation has been significantly improved for the <i>Matching</i> dialogs in the profile editor. The new validation now evaluates the type of calculation step to derive the type of the output of the whole formula. This type is compared with the expected output and errors are reported inline in the rule editor.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-441<br/>COE-508</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">It is now possible to assign machines to multiple organizational units (such as Lines, Areas, Sites). The dialog for assigning (adding) machines to an orgizational entity now lists all unassigned machines before listing the machines already assigned to any other entity. Parent organizational entities of all assigned machines are presented in the entry selection.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-547</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The drag-and-drop option in the <i>Organization</i> <i>Admin</i> section has been enabled by default, but is now limited to reordering entities within its parent entity. The switch to enable the drag-and-drop option in the list header has been removed.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-609</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the machine dashboard, showing alarms in the OEE data chart can now be enabled and disabled. To enable and disable alarms in the chart, a new switch was added at the bottom of the <i>Legend</i> of the chart. In addition, the number of alarms loaded in the machine dashboard was optimized to improve performance.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-338<br/>COE-499<br/>COE-510</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When choosing the calculation method in the <i>Matching</i> dialog of the profile editor, the entire tile can now be clicked to select a calculation method.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-340</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">After creating a new calculation profile and loading a configuration from an existing profile, it is now possible to remove and assign a different machine to the calculation profile. When assigning a new machine to a calculation profile the mappings in the matching configurations are validated. If the subscriptions of the old and new machine match, calculation rules in the <i>Matching</i> dialog will be migrated to the new machine. No manual changes are required. If the subscriptions do not match, an alert will be presented and the <i>Matching</i> tab as well as the profile itself will show as incomplete and require manual updating.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-349</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">For configuration of matching rules for calculation profiles, it is now possible to refer back to the length of the calculation interval. This is required for some availability and performance calculations (for example, when calculating the actual production amount based on a flow rate). The <code>Interval Length</code> can now be selected from the drop-down menu in the dialog.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-541</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The OEE application was updated to Angular 11 and Cumulocity WebSDK 1011.0.15</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-477</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Upgraded Apama to 10.7.2.5.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-556</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When using calculation categories, for all categories the formula of the first category was used, leading to incorrect calculation results. The calculation of categories has now been fixed.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-584</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When using line profiles, the subscriptions for MEAs were not created correctly and OEE calculation was not performed. This is issue is now resolved, subscriptions are created for the calculation profiles to fix the OEE calculation of line profiles.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-532</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Formulas defining machine status and quality status conditions were not properly deleted. This led to problems when switching machine status and quality status calculation off. A similar problem occurred when enabling categories on a profile using machine and quality status calculations. This issue has been fixed, the formulas are now deleted correctly.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-543</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Using <i>Measurement count</i> in calculation rules was fixed to now start the calculation correctly.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-544</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The Andon board was fixed to include the default interval in the dropdown to switch between resolutions. This issue is related to COE-443.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-385</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The data chart on the machine dashboard was fixed to use correct UTC start date depending on the actual timezone. The wrong start date led to data gaps in the chart at the beginning of the selected timeframe. Also the data chart now includes the last measurement before the selected timeframe to ensure measurements are displayde for the entire selected timeframe without any gaps at the beginning of the selected timeframe.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-489<br/>COE-524</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">New Rest API endpoints have been added to allow deleting shift plans for a location and production plans for a device. See documentation at <a href="https://cumulocity.com/oee/api/10.10.0/">https://cumulocity.com/api/</a>.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-527</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Using calculation categories it is possible to define multiple formulas for the same input (for example, for availability loss to track different loss reasons). The results of the different formulas are aggregated to a total value. The calculation for categories has been fixed to not only store the total value, but also store and show the individual values used to calculate the total value.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-539</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Calculation for availability and quality losses was fixed when using status events to treat the conditions as amount and not as loss definitions.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-540</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When adding machines to an organizational unit, it is now only possible to add machines with complete calculation profiles. Machines with incomplete calculation profiles are filtered from the list of options to select from.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-589</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The machine dashboard now loads all measurements using <code>type=OEEMeasurements</code> at once to optimize performance and reduce number of data loading request.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-554</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When editing a <i>Matching</i> rule of calculation profile, the title now contains the selected type of rule.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-578</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Missing translations have been fixed in the dialogs to add entities to organization units.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-586</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">In the machine park overview, the detailed description for each organization unit is now displayed directly under the name of the unit, changing the order with the <i>last update</i> date.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-588</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Fixed header misalignments in the Admin section profiles list.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-605</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">When the quality status events are used to calculate the quality component of OEE, events are created in Cumulocity IoT to indicate if the quality is OK. The events are now correctly created on the calculation profile, instead of the machine, as this has lead to confusion for machines with multiple profiles and potentially different quality criteria.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-480</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">UI</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The formatting of dates has been fixed and unified. The dates are now correctly presented using the selected user locale.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">COE-509</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
