---
weight: 29
title: Release 10.14.0.231
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.14.0.223 - 10.14.0.231-->


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where users could not find a location on the map based on the address they entered.</td>
<td>MTM-49644</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>The <b>Submit</b> button in the "Device data" widgets editor is now always enabled. The validation on fields is still present, but validation errors no longer prevent users from committing manual changes. </td>
<td>DM-1623</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>
- The LWM2M agent always retrieved the external decoder events from one month back only. So if an event remained unprocessed over a month, then it wasn't processed anymore. The time period is now configurable from the agent's configuration.
<br>
- Events, measurements, and alarms created by the LWM2M agent are flushed every 10 mins. If a high number of devices connects concurrently or in a short time period, the size of the queue can increase significantly, which in turn leads to high memory usage until all elements are flushed. The flush time interval can now be configured from the agent's properties.</td>
<td>DM-1602</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>
If thousands of decoder events were pending to be processed, the LWM2M agent tried to process the same event twice in certain cases. As a result, the log file showed confusing SDK exceptions. This has now been fixed.</td>
<td>DM-1621</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>
The external decoder service was using a single thread per event to parallelize the decoder event processing. Those threads were created from another execution thread which can lead to a deadlock on a tenant. To avoid such deadlocks, the processing of the decoder events is done in batches for each tenant. Additionally, a fail-safe mechanism has been introduced, so that the agent is able to release a tenant after a certain period of a deadlock.</td>
<td>DM-1519</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>
Due to a change introduced in 10.14, the opcua-device-gateway, on OPC UA server connects or reconnects, did a full device type matching with a comparison of device types to the server's address space to find matched nodes and the application of these matched nodes. With this fix, the opcua-device-gateway directly applies the matched nodes settings if there was a matching done previously and no more recent updates to the device types were done.</td>
<td>DM-1651</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
