---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>The DTM application is integrated with Gainsight to capture the data. Gainsight is an product experience software which supports tracking product experience, enables product teams to make data-driven product decisions and gain insights to business impact of product investments.</td>
<td>CTM-130</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Added a warning notification which shows up if a custom property associated with an asset is deleted using Cumulocity IoT REST APIs while an asset is viewed.</td>
<td>CTM-141</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A confirmation popup is shown in the <b>Property library</b> page for every delete operation.</td>
<td>CTM-159</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Implemented a maximum file size field for custom properties of type "file".</td>
<td>CTM-175</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Added a confirmation popup which states that the changes made to the asset type will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it.</td>
<td>CTM-144</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Added a confirmation popup which states that the changes made to the custom property will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it's asset type.</td>
<td>CTM-147</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>An alert popup which warns the user about unsaved changes is displayed in the <b>Localization</b> page.</td>
<td>CTM-155</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>The <b>Import assets</b> button is no longer visible for the last asset in the hierarchy.</td>
<td>CTM-170</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The loading message in the <b>Localization</b> page has been corrected.</td>
<td>CTM-154</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>An issue observed during hierarchy creation is fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-125</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>An issue while creating subassets when there are both required and optional child asset types at same level is fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-167</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Changes made in the <b>Asset type</b> page are now saved.</td>
<td>CTM-157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A fix has been provided for the <b>Add child asset</b> window which became unresponsive for assets that had a custom property deleted from the backend.</td>
<td>CTM-196</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A warning message is now displayed on deletion of a custom property from the backend.</td>
<td>CTM-200</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The <b>Properties</b> tab is not displayed when there are no properties defined.</td>
<td>CTM-174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The text of the unassign device alert popup has been corrected.</td>
<td>CTM-189</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Users can now delete the uploaded file in the custom properties of an asset.</td>
<td>CTM-198</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed an issue where a bulk import failed if the complex property contains a duplicate label.</td>
<td>CTM-195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed localization issues related to the bulk import feature.</td>
<td>CTM-153</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The creation of assets via bulk import is now tracked in the Gainsight application. Gainsight is an product experience software which supports tracking product experience, enables product teams to make data-driven product decisions and gain insights to business impact of product investments.</td>
<td>CTM-201</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
