---
weight: 60
title: Release 10.18.0
layout: redirect
---

The release notes for **Cumulocity IoT Edge release 10.18.0** contain important information about all the changes, including new features, enhancements, and fixes, that have been made to both **Cumulocity IoT Edge Appliance VM** and **Cumulocity IoT Edge on Kubernetes**. If you want to know more, you can check out the [What´s New](/release-10-18-0/whatsnew-10-18-0/) section and watch our video [What's new in Cumulocity IoT 10.18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTouaQbc6SI&list=PLexm-BA6Wrr8AYnu97vpIR7uicD2wsyms).

Additionally, the release notes contain [announcements](/release-10-18-0/edge-10-18-0/#announcements) regarding planned and implemented deprecations that might require some action on your part at some point.


You can find the corresponding documentation for **Cumulocity IoT Edge Appliance VM** at https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge/edge-introduction/ and for **Cumulocity IoT Edge on Kubernetes** at https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge-k8s/k8-edge-introduction/.

### Cumulocity IoT Edge Appliance VM

#### Rocky Linux 8
As CentOS 7 will reach its end-of-life on June 30th, 2024, we are transitioning our support to an alternative Operating System for Edge Appliance users. Starting with this release, the Edge Appliance VM is equipped with [Rocky Linux 8](https://rockylinux.org/). Since the Operating System is changed, the upgrade from earlier versions of Edge entails a side-by-side installation accompanied by data migration. For information on upgrading Edge version 10.18, see [Migrating Edge 10.17 to 10.18](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge/update-bundle/migration-1017-to-1018/).

### Cumulocity IoT Edge on Kubernetes
Cumulocity IoT Edge on Kubernetes has reached General Availability (GA) and is now ready for deployment in production environments.

#### Remote software management

Using the Cumulocity IoT software management feature, users can now remotely manage applications, microservices, and extensions installed on Edge.

For detailed instructions, refer to [Managing software remotely](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge-k8s/k8-edge-connecting-edge-to-cloud-bundle/software-management-docs).

#### Metrics monitoring

Edge deployments on Kubernetes can be monitored utilizing Prometheus, an open-source tool designed for monitoring application states. The Edge operator provides a Prometheus-compatible metrics endpoint, allowing you to track a diverse range of resource usage and availability metrics.

For detailed instructions, refer to [Monitoring](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge-k8s/edge-operations-bundle/monitoring).

#### Offline installation

Edge installation on Kubernetes now offers support for installation in an air-gapped environment. This ensures that all dependencies are accessible locally, eliminating the need for internet access during the installation process.

For more information, refer to [Installing Edge in an air-gapped environment](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/edge-k8s/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/air-gapped-installation).

### Known issues

|<div style="width:100px">Ticket</div>|<div style="width:200px">Area</div>|Description
|:---|:---|:---
|CIE-4376|UI|**Issue:** When switching to a language other than English, the translations for the security menu and security page are not available.

### Important announcements

#### Deprecation of Cumulocity Linux Agent in Cumulocity IoT Edge

With the release of Cumulocity IoT Edge version 10.18, we are announcing the deprecation of the Cumulocity Linux Agent included in the Cumulocity IoT Edge offering. Version 10.18 will mark the final release to feature the Cumulocity Linux Agent.

Previously, Cumulocity IoT Edge utilized the Cumulocity Linux Agent to support protocols such as Modbus and CANopen, as well as to collect and publish resource consumption metrics. Moving forward, Edge will internally manage the collection and publication of resource consumption metrics.

If your use case involves Modbus-TCP or Modbus-RTU, we recommend migrating to the thin-edge.io connectors for Cumulocity IoT. For users of CANopen, we suggest considering migration to one of our partner-supported solutions or deploying Cumulocity Linux Agent as an additional component.

We are fully committed to assisting and guiding you through this transition. Should you have any questions or require further assistance, reach out to our support team.

We sincerely appreciate your understanding and cooperation as we strive to improve and expand our product offerings.
