---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.15.0.25
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.14.1.0 - 10.14.134.0; 10.15.0.0 - 10.15.0.25-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td>In the <b>Subassets</b> tab, the tooltip for the asset type now shows the respective type if available, or "Group" if no type is available, instead of always showing "Asset". </td>
<td>
MTM-44982</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td>In the <b>Subassets</b> tab, the label for the asset type now shows the respective type if available, or "Group" if no type is available, instead of always showing "Group". </td>
<td>
MTM-44980</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> New reports that are configured to be shown in the navigator are now added by default directly under the <b>Reports</b> navigation entry and not under the <b>Home</b> entry. </td>
<td>
MTM-43931</td>
</tr>

<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> A new KPI widget has been added. It displays the latest measurement value of a specified measurement in realtime.
Depending on the user preferences the following options can be configured:
<br>- icon to be shown next to the value for thematic classification
<br>- if a trend (up/down/steady) between the last two received measurement values indicated by an arrow icon should be visible
<br>- if the timestamp of the last measurement should be visible.
<br> In addition, the color of the measurement value switches to orange/red if the value is within the orange/red range configured for the datapoint. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/users-guide/cockpit/#widgets-collection/" class="no-ajaxy">Cockpit > Widgets collection<a/> in the <i>User guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-45871</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Java SDK</td>
<td> The following Maven dependency changes have been made in the <code>cumulocity-clients-java</code> SDK:
<br>- the internal model related dependencies with dedicated <code>java-client-model</code> have been replaced
<br>- a new svenson dependency dedicated for the SDK has been introduced which replaces the internal one
<br>- the javax validation dependency has been updated to <code>jakarta.validation-api</code> version 2.0.2
<br>If your microservice does not define explicit dependencies to the <code>core-model</code> or <code>application-model</code> no additional work should be required, otherwise you should remove the above dependencies and replace them with <code>java-client-model</code>.
<br>If your microservice already defines the javax validation dependency adjust the  version to the one from the SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-46315</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> A set of Angular components and services has been added to support the selection of datapoints. </td>
<td>
MTM-35916</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Accidentally removing a widget from the dashboard is now prevented by showing a confirmation dialog in which the user must confirm the removal. </td>
<td>
MTM-45304</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The data point library has been migrated to Angular. The AngularJS module <code>c8y.parts.kpiAdmin</code> is no longer used in standard applications and has been removed. To include the new Angular implementation you should use the components and services of the "@c8y/ngx-components/datapoint-library" library. The new Angular implementation implements the same feature set as the one of the AngularJS implementation. In addition you are now able to add a description to a data point. Follow the instructions in the <i>Web SDK guide</i> <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/web/upgrade/#update-to-an-newer-version/" class="no-ajaxy">Upgrade > Updating the Web SDK version<a/> when upgrading your existing web applications.</td>
<td>
MTM-43406</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> To improve the quality of our product, certain events triggered by the users are tracked with a product experience tool (from which the user can opt-out). We improved the collected data by additionally tracking the following events:
<br>- "Connect smartphone" wizard (Cockpit application) - all button clicks in each of the wizard steps trigger an event
<br>-"Quick Links" and "Help and Support" links (all applications) - every link button click triggers an event
<br>- Action bar items (all applications) - every action bar item click triggers an event
<br>- Device grids (all applications) - most important events trigger an event (for example, sorting, filtering) </td>
<td>
MTM-44651</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> On the <b>Data explorer</b> page, if a user hovers over an alarm or event, the tooltip now also shows the text of this alarm or event next to the type. </td>
<td>
MTM-45581</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The dependency responsible for displaying the rotation 3D widget (three.js) was updated as the current version contains vulnerabilities (which are not applicable to our application). </td>
<td>
MTM-45986</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Cockpit features shown in the navigator are now recognized by a new featureId to hide or show these features in a more efficient way. </td>
<td>
MTM-45039</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> The angularJS component responsible for selecting data points (c8yDataPointList), which is used, for example, in widgets and in the data explorer, has been updated to use the new angular implementation of the data point list. </td>
<td>
MTM-45924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td> Developers can now use a new hook to introduce a setup wizard shown to the user if he has the permission to configure applications. The Cockpit configuration has already been integrated in the platform as a setup for the Cockpit application.
<br>However, this is only visible when you install cockpit from a package (packages are currently in beta modus and can be tested with the <code>?beta=true</code> flag on the URL) or you force to show the setup with the URL parameter <code>?forceSetup=true</code>. </td>
<td>
MTM-40332</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td> Developers can now use the c8ycli tool to scaffold a packaged application faster with the c8ycli new command <code>$ c8ycli new <yourApplicationName> application-template</code>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43451</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK </td>
<td> Certain libraries with vulnerabilities (which did not apply to our application) were updated in the Web SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-45699</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with saving data in the "Device data" widget when the <b>LPWAN device</b> > <b>Provisioned</b> item was rendered as a text field. Now it's rendered as a checkbox and the data can be saved correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-45040</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> If a user tries to delete a report which contains a dashboard that is locked for editing, a corresponding warning message will now be shown. </td>
<td>
MTM-45230</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Users can no longer click the <b>Add report</b> button if they do not have the appropriate permission. </td>
<td>
MTM-45686</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> A layout issue with the datapoint graph in the "Data point" widget and in the data explorer has been fixed so that highlighted datapoints are again synchronized with the graph. </td>
<td>
MTM-40431</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> The content of dashboards in the Cockpit application is now correctly rendered in case a user follows the tutorial to remove the login and authentication. </td>
<td>
MTM-45867</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with the datapoint selector in report dashboards. Now datapoints are selectable again. </td>
<td>
MTM-47157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Elements in "Help and Service" widgets that did not redirect to another URL but triggered some actions could not be clicked. This issue has been fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-45980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with some file types (for example, *.xlsx) being corrupted when downloaded via the link <code>{tenant-domain}/apps/administration/#/files?download={binaryId}</code>. Now the files are downloaded correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-41800</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The microservice package plugin now also works on Apple M1 machines. </td>
<td>
DM-392</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Added support for using microservices with non-ASCII characters in credentials. Users can now freely use all UTF-8 characters, see <a href="https://www.fileformat.info/info/charset/UTF-8/list.htm" class="no-ajaxy">https://www.fileformat.info/info/charset/UTF-8/list.htm<a/>.</td>
<td>
MTM-44368</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> A new parameter <code>overwriteOnUpdate</code> has been introduced to the customer settings of the microservice manifest to control whether the settings should be reset upon microservice update.  Refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/microservice-sdk/concept/#manifest" class="no-ajaxy">General aspects > Microservice manifest<a/> in the <i>Microservice SDK guide</i> for more information. </td>
<td>
MTM-46037</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with missing buttons and links to the <i>User guide</i> in empty pages, for example in the <b>Global smart rules</b> page in the Cockpit application. </td>
<td>
MTM-45793</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed an issues with broken column resizing in views based on the data grid component (for example, the device selection for group assignment or for bulk operation execution) and fixed the layout issues in the actions column (for example, custom actions are shown on hover in the same way as the built-in ones, custom actions without a defined icon show a label instead). </td>
<td>
MTM-31790</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed the content margins on the two-factor authentication and user password popup windows. </td>
<td>
MTM-46922</td>
</tr>

<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Some confirm dialogs could be closed by an outside click. With this fix no confirm dialog can be closed by an outside click any longer. </td>
<td>
MTM-44934</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Wizards with the same name but a different wizard ID are no longer interpreted as duplicates. </td>
<td>
MTM-47174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with pagination in the DataGrid component, making the view more user-friendly and correctly readable. When initialized with currentPage other than page 1, the page selector highlighted page 1, despite the items being loaded correctly from the requested page. This behaviour will no longer occur. </td>
<td>
MTM-42798</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
