---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.1.0 - 10.15.118.0-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> When the user is logged in, then every request at <code>https://{url}/tenant/loginOptions</code> will now be sent with the <code>tenantId<code> parameter, so that the request looks like this:<br>
<code> https://{url}/tenant/loginOptions?tenantId={tenantId}</code>
<br>This improves logging via a tunnel and helps to avoid 401 errors. </td>
<td>
MTM-46604</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> A context help drawer has been added to the <b>Data broker</b>, <b>Subtenants</b>, <b>Tenant statistics</b> and <b>All applications</b> pages. Moreover, the height has been changed to adapt to the drawer's content instead of having a fixed value. </td>
<td>
DM-1296</td>
</tr>

<td>
Authentication</td>
<td>In the <b>Authentication</b> page, if the forbidden or trusted user agents lists for a specific authentication configuration are empty, the removal button will no longer be displayed. Related inconsistencies in previous versions have been fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-43723</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> Cumulocity IoT Core has been fully migrated to Java 11. </td>
<td>
MTM-46640</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
 MongoDB </td>
<td> To improve the query performance, the default sort order has been disabled for timeseries measurements. </td>
<td>
MTM-46924</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Notifications 2.0</td>
<td> Non-persistent Notifications 2.0 subscriptions and shared subscribers are now available; new fields to support these options are provided in the Cumulocity REST endpoint resources and in Java SDK. Non-persistent subscriptions do not persist message backlogs in the Cumulocity IoT Messaging Service; new and reconnected consumers will always start consuming from the most recent message in the subscription channel. They will have lower resource cost and should allow higher message rates. Shared subscriber tokens use a common name and set a field in the token to indicate they are shared. They can be used to divide consumer workloads across multiple client processes; each sharing client receives publish-ordered messages from a unique subset of devices publishing to the given subscription channel, allowing more scalable notification clients to be implemented while maintaining per-device message ordering and at-least-once delivery guarantees. For details, see <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0//reference/notifications/" class="no-ajaxy">Notifications 2.0<a/> in the <i>Reference guide</i>.</td>
<td>
MTM-42808</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> The <b>Add smart rules</b> button in the <b>Microservices</b> page is now displayed correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-47117</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> When uploading a microservice ZIP file, the name for the microservice is first taken from the microservice's manifest file. If the name is not provided there, then it's derived from the ZIP file name (after dropping a recognized version suffix). <td>
MTM-44947</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> When setting the password for the admin user on creating a subtenant, the password validation is based on the selected tenant policy. An exception to this case is if strong password usage is enforced on system level. When setting a password for the admin user on an existing subtenant, the password validation is based on the security settings for the current tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-41226</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Audit logs</td>
<td> Missing translations for various fields and tooltips in the <b>Audit logs</b> page in the Administration application have been added.
<td>
MTM-43353; MTM-46788</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Messaging Service</td>
<td> Error handling for Notification 2.0 was improved for the unlikely case that Pulsar is unavailable. </td>
<td>
MTM-48138</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Fixed the HTTP response code from 500 to 422 when rejecting tenant deletion because one of its applications is assigned to another tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-47097</td>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Fixed eager in-memory data loading to prevent potential out of memory errors. </td>
<td>
MTM-47730</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Support user</td>
<td> Logging in with the support user is now possible even if the target tenant has basic auth restrictions. Moreover, the tenant ID setup page will no longer appear for the domain containing "localhost" or "127.0.0.1". </td>
<td>
MTM-47230</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
