---
weight: 38
title: Release 10.16.0.163
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.122-10.16.0.163-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>REST API</td>
<td>The performance of the Identity API <code>GET /externalIds/{type}/{externalId}</code method has been improved.</td>
<td>MTM-50837</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>


### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Authentication</td>
<td>The performance of the first user requests sent after node restart has been improved. Prior to this change, there was an issue in rare cases where the number of all global roles in a tenant was close to but not exceeding 100, and many thousands of devices were concurrently trying to authorize MQTT connections on the restarted node.</td>

<td>MTM-52049</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Data Broker</td>
<td>In order to address the CVE-2022-41881 vulnerability, the Netty version has been updated to "4.1.89.Final" in the data broker microservice.</td>
<td>MTM-51429</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Performance</td>
<td>The performance of widgets like the "Data point list", "Data point graph" and "Data point table" has been improved for users with inventory roles access. Moreover, the performance of the <b>Measurements</b> tab in the Device Management application and the <b>Data explorer</b> in the Cockpit application have been improved.</td>
<td>MTM-50693</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>REST API</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where POST and PUT requests without Content-Type header were rejected with a 415 HTTP error. The fix has been applied to the Identity, Inventory, Measurements, Alarms and Events APIs.</td>
<td>MTM-51886</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Security</td>
<td>In the Cockpit application, several security issues in the HTML widget have been fixed.</td>
<td>MTM-50921</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
