---
weight: 34
title: Release 10.14.0.6
layout: redirect
---

This release upgrades the Apama-ctrl microservice to use Apama 10.11.3.7 (which is the same as Apama 10.11 Fix 14).

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Apama-ctrl microservice</td>
<td style="text-align:left">For security reasons, ROLE_APPLICATION_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN and ROLE_OPTION_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN have been
removed from the required roles which are defined in the manifest file of the Apama-ctrl microservice.
Any applications deployed with the Streaming Analytics application (for example, EPL apps) can no longer
perform security-sensitive operations such as application creation or modification of tenant options.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3689</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Alarm Output</b> block in Analytics Builder no longer reactivates "Acknowledged"
alarms with every modification.
Acknowledged alarms are only reactivated if the severity has increased.
This also ensures that the alarm count is updated correctly.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-4027</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Expression</b> block now calculates the remainder of integer division, as already documented.
Previously, this functionality was not implemented and raised a runtime error if defined.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-4106</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">Deploying a model in test mode and then undeploying it could fail and could cause failures for other model deployments
if another model with the same output blocks was already deployed in production mode and formed a chain with another already deployed model.
This issue has now been resolved.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3664</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
