---
weight: 25
title: 10.18.0.469
layout: redirect
---

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
These release notes refer to build versions:
- cumulocity: 1018.0.469
- ui-c8y: 1018.0.276
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>
<td>In the configuration repository, the configuration type was not saved correctly when adding a new configuration snapshot, leading to unexpected behavior. With this change, the configuration type is now properly persisted when saving the configuration snapshot.</td>
<td>DM-3791</td>
<td>10.18.0.273</td>
<td>ui-c8y</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>The issue with LWM2M firmware updates via the PULL HTTP(s) method in a clustered agent environment has been resolved. Previous version used to have a data serialization problem that prevented HTTP(s) endpoint to start and blocked the update process.</td>
<td>DM-3848</td>
<td>10.18.0.457</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>In certain ARM64-based environments, the OPC UA gateway may fail when attempting to call a specific 64-bit system function that might be missing in some base Docker images. This issue has now been resolved. If this function is missing, the service will attempt to call a default system function before failing.</td>
<td>DM-3867</td>
<td>10.18.0.464</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>The OPC UA gateway creates a local database <code<cumulocity-opcua-gateway.db</code> to store essential data, including a list of executed operation IDs. As this list expands, the database file consumes more disk space. This issue has been resolved by introducing an in-memory cache to store executed operation IDs with each entry set to auto-expire after 24 hours. The fix also includes a one-time cleanup process during the gateway startup to reduce the size of the existing file.</td>
<td>DM-3800</td>
<td>10.18.0.468</td>
<td>cumulocity</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>
