---
title: Release 10.15.0
layout: redirect
weight: 40
---

### Improvements in Machine Learning Engine

- Enhancements:
  - New API in Nyoka microservice to generate matrix profile for univariate time series data for detecting trends and anomalies.
  - Enabled Zementis microservice to scale out if and when more compute is required for serving incoming inference requests.
  - Implemented caching of user roles in Nyoka and Onnx microservices to improve performance.
  - Improved pipeline restoration in the Onnx microservice which ensures a more robust & reliable restoration process.
  - Added support for audio processing by allowing pre-processing scripts to leverage the `librosa` library in the Onnx microservice.
  - In the Machine Learning web application, ongoing requests are now canceled if the user navigates away from the current page at any point in time.

* Upgrades:
  * Machine Learning web application upgraded from Angular version 11 to version 12.
  * Machine Learning web application upgraded to use Cumulocity Web SDK 1013.0.0.
  * Nyoka and Onnx microservices upgraded NumPy from version 1.18.1 to version 1.18.5.
  * Zementis microservice upgraded to use Cumulocity Java Microservice SDK 1011.0.16.

- Bug fixes:
  - Fixed the issue with `Access is denied` when OAuth is used as the tenant’s authentication scheme.
  - Fixed the issue with `Resource not found` error message when trying to delete artifacts.
  - Fixed the issue with the artifact download when the artifact name contains a comma.
  - Fixed the issue with predictions when input data is provided in a ZIP format.


### Improvements in Machine Learning Workbench

* Compute off-load with a pluggable Enterprise Gateway:\
With this release, the Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning Workbench provides an integration connection to Jupyter Enterprise Gateway using which it is possible to launch kernels on behalf of remote notebooks. The enterprise gateway exposes a Kernel as a Service model providing better optimization of compute resources, improved multi-user support, enable compute offload capability and more granular security for Jupyter notebook environment.
  - Settings: 
    - A new tab is added to register the Jupyter Enterprise Gateway url
    - Pop-up to notify an end user that all running kernels would be deleted during the setting and delete actions of the JEG credentials
  - Notebook UI: 
      - Pop-up display to select different kernel specs
      - “Jupyter” logo beside the Kernel name on every notebook to notify an end user that the notebook is running using a Kernel spec from the remote Jupyter Enterprise Gateway server
      - Option within the integrated Jupyter UI to insert the code snippets using which a Data Scientist would be able to:
          - Download “Data” from MLW to the JEG server
          - Upload “Models” to MLW from JEG server
          - List the projects available
          - List the resources available within a project

* MLW sdk:\
With the inclusion of Jupyter Enterprise Gateway connection within the Cumulocity IoT Machine Learning Workbench, there was a need to develop a Python package using which the artifacts (Data, Models) exchange was possible to and from the JEG server.

- Enhancements:
  - Project Management UX improvements:
    - Ability to select multiple resources for deletion
    - Ability to delete individual project version
    - Ability to select multiple projects for deletion
    - Tasks, Assets grouping according to the projects
    - Ability to select multiple tasks, assets for deletion
    - Project commit button is restructured to make the functionality more intuitive

* Upgrades:
  * Machine Learning Workbench web application upgraded from version 12 to version 14.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from onnx version 1.7.0 to version 1.11.0.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from protobuf version 3.12.4 to version 3.20.0.
  * MLW microservice upgraded from supervisor version 4.2.1 to version 4.2.4.

- Bug fixes:
  - Fixed the issue with vulnerable 3rd Party Component protobuf used in docker image.
  - Fixed the issue with vulnerable 3rd Party Component openssl used in docker image.
  - Fixed the issue with the wrong resource count for a particular project.
  - Fixed the issue with MLW RBAC not working if user agent validation required is checked in Cumulocity Authentication (OAuth) Settings.
