---
weight: 28
title: Release 10.14.0.250
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.14.0.232 - 10.14.0.250-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Administration</td>
<td>The performance of the <b>Users</b> page has been improved. Loading root users with a large number of sub-users (100+) now takes less than 1s, while previously, with a larger number of sub-users (around 500), it took around 30-60s. Moreover, the request to fetch all children of a root user is now up to 10 times faster, depending on the number of sub-users and the number of their global roles.</td>
<td>MTM-45523</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Data broker</td>
<td>The data broker no longer passes on the <code>c8y_ActiveAlarmsStatus</code> fragment from devices in the source tenant to the destination tenant. This is an internal setting which cannot be updated by the user and which is not required on the destination tenant. Passing on alarms to the destination tenant is not affected by this change.</td>
<td>MTM-49670</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Single sign-on</td>
<td>To prevent potential misconfiguration, trial tenants created in the Software AG Cloud are by default not allowed to access the single sign-on configuration. Via a REST endpoint the Management tenant can restrict or allow the access to the single sign-on configuration for specific tenants. Refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/users-guide/administration/#configuration-access">Configuration access</a> in the <i>User guide</i> for more details.
<br><br>
<b>Note</b> that with this fix the REST endpoint, assuming the Management tenant was configured accordingly, does prevent saving changes. However, the UI might still offer the option to do changes. These changes cannot be saved. This option in the UI will be removed in on of the next maintenance releases.</td>
<td>MTM-49784</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
