---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.14.0.10
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.13.1.0 - 10.13.168.0; 14.0.0.1 - 14.0.0.10 -->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> If a user with admin privileges changes the roles or the password of another user, a message is displayed to warn that this particular user will be logged out. </td>
<td>
MTM-43059</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> It is now possible to log out all SSO users from the platform using the Keycloak (External SSO Provider) admin console. Support for this feature for other external SSO providers such as Azure AD will be introduced in later releases. </td>
<td>
MTM-43913</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Administration</td>
<td> The correct error message is now shown when an error occurs during application archive upload. </td>
MTM-44631</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b>: Audit logging</td>
<td> To improve security, a new audit logging functionality has been introduced which provides the possibility to record almost every request (REST, SmartREST, MQTT, realtime, and so on). </td>
<td>
MTM-43455</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> Added a description on how to disable TOTP for a user to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/users-guide/administration/#disabling-totp-for-a-user" class="no-ajaxy">Administration > Two-factor authentication > TOTP</a> in the <i>User guide</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-42594</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data broker</td>
<td> Updated the pulsar-client to version 2.8.2 to address security vulnerabilities identified in version 2.7.0. </td>
<td>
MTM-43194</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Data broker</td>
<td> Previous releases of the Data Broker microservice could fail to upgrade correctly when a new version of the microservice was uploaded to the platform.  When this happened, the older version would continue to run even though the new version was available. This issue could be mitigated by unsubscribing and re-subscribing to the microservice from the Management tenant.  With this release, the microservice will correctly upgrade to the new version with no user interaction required. </td>
<td>
MTM-43352</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Core platform</td>
<td> OIDC back-channel logout is now available with the Keycloak authorization server in versions higher than 12.0.0. </td>
<td>
MTM-42766</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Java SDK and Microservice SDK are now compatible with Java 17. </td>
<td>
MTM-44319</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> In order to address the Spring4Shell vulnerability (CVE-2022-22965), the following third parties have been upgraded:
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.14 and 10.13: Spring Boot has been upgraded to version 2.5.12.
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.11: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.3.18.
<br>- For Java &amp; Microservice SDK 10.10 and 10.9: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.2.20.RELEASE.
<br>- For Microservice SDK 10.7: Spring Framework has been upgraded to version 5.2.20.RELEASE.
<br>It is recommended that customers re-build their microservices with these updated SDKs.</td>
<td>
MTM-44862</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> The processing of the MQTT "last will" message is now done asynchronously. This improves the performance of "device disconnected" events and the concurrency of handling new MQTT connections. </td>
<td>
MTM-44058</td>
</tr>

<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> Additional MQTT static templates have been added: "SR template to set fragment hashcode" (130), "SR template to read fragment hashcode" (131) and "SR response template with fragment hashcode" (132). Link to documentation to be added</td>
<td>
MTM-42206</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Notifications 2.0</td>
<td> The Notifications 2.0 API has a new REST operation to unsubscribe a subscriber from a notification subscription. It is also possible to unsubscribe a subscriber over the Web Socket protocol. See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.14.0/reference/notifications/" class="no-ajaxy">Notifications 2.0</a> in the <i>Reference guide</i> or the <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/10.14.0/#tag/Notification-2.0-API" class="no-ajaxy">Cumulocity IoT API documentation</a> for usage. </td>
<td>
MTM-43042</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Notifications 2.0</td>
<td> The "hello-world notification microservice", which serves as an example of the new Notifications 2.0 functionality, lacked a detailed user description. New instructions have been added that provide step-by-step setup, even for a first time user. A new script to simplify the setup process has been added as well, which helps in setting up a measurement device and simulate sending measurements.
See <a href="https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/hello-world-notification-microservice" class="no-ajaxy">https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/hello-world-notification-microservice</a> for full details and instructions. </td>
<td>
MTM-42420</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td>If a user adds the query parameter <code>withTotalElements</code> to a request, a new field called <code>totalElements</code> will be returned. This change is available on almost all REST APIs. The <code>withTotalElements</code> field contains the amount of all documents that this API can return. For details, see the <a href="https://www.cumulocity.com/api" class="no-ajaxy">Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification</a>.</td>
<td>
MTM-40341</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> REST API </td>
<td> The user creation API and the tenant creation API now require the email address property value as mandatory. </td>
<td>
MTM-34357</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> SmartREST</td>
<td> For devices supporting advanced software management a new static SmartREST 2.0 template is available:
<code>102,&lt;serviceUniqueID&gt;,&lt;serviceType&gt;,&lt;serviceName&gt;,&lt;status&gt; </code>
<br>Devices may use this template to announce installed services to the Cumulocity IoT platform. </td>
<td>
DM-275</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> SmartREST</td>
<td> For devices supporting advanced software management a new static SmartREST 2.0 template is available:
<code>104,&lt;newServiceStatus&gt;</code>
<br>Devices may publish such messages on topic <code>s/us/&lt;uniqueServiceID&gt;</code> to update the status of a service. </td>
<td>
DM-413</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
b>NEW:</b> SmartREST</td>
<td> 3 Advanced Software SmartREST templates have been added:
<br>
<br>140,softwareName,softwareVersion,softwareType,SoftwareUrl,...
<br>141,softwareName,softwareVersion,softwareType,SoftwareUrl,..
<br>142,softwareName,softwareVersion
<br>
<br>140 overwrites the installed software of a device.
<br>141 appends the provided software items to the current installed software.
<br>142 removes the specified software items from the current installed software.
<br>
These templates require the advanced-software-mgmt microservice to be subscribed. </td>
<td>
DM-389</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> In the <b>Applications</b> page it is now possible to delete the current application if a subscribed application with the same context-path exists. Prior to this change, deleting the current application was permitted, which made it difficult to delete custom Administration applications (as this is usually the application used when deleting an applications). </td>
<td>
MTM-43280</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> The <b>Add microservice</b> button is no longer available in the <b>Microservices</b> page, if the microservice-hosting feature is not subscribed to the tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-44403</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Administration</td>
<td> The issue has been fixed that requests sent to /tenant/statistics/files did not return statistic files. </td>
<td>
MTM-43017</td>
</tr>

<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Administration</td>
<td> Fixed the issue in the <b>Status</b> tab of an application, that it subscribes to the /managedobjects/* realtime channel, but does not unsubscribe from it when the user leaves the tab. Now this tab uses the /managedobjects/{{id}} realtime channel instead and correctly unsubscribes from it. It prevents the unnecessary communication between the UI application and core nodes (less realtime notifications), which otherwise could lead to higher resources usage on backend (CPU and memory). </td>
<td>
MTM-45279</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> The connection timeout for the HTTP client used in single sign-on login mode has been increased. </td>
<td>
MTM-42674</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Authentication</td>
<td>The "Forbidden for web browser" flag now switches to false in the authorization configuration, after the preferred login mode changed to Basic. Prior to this change, the website was blocked unintentionally when the <b>Forbidden for web browser</b> checkbox was selected, while switching the preferred login mode from OAI-Secure to Basic. With this fix, the checkbox is automatically cleared in such a case. </td>
<td>
MTM-44199</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Authentication</td>
<td> The <b>Certificate ID</b> field in the SSO configuration page (custom configuration for signature verification for two or more certificates), now shows additional information on the field.</td>
<td>
MTM-44156</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Authentication</td>
<td> Fixed an issue where a session was unintentionally removed for users logged in via OAI-Secure after renewing and revoking a token.</td>
<td>
MTM-44091</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Bulk operations</td>
<td> The memory usage has been reduced when processing bulk operation requests for large, dynamic asset groups (smart groups). This fixes an issue that occurred with smart groups containing a large number of assets. </td>
<td>
MTM-44591</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Core platform</td>
<td> Responses to the HEAD/GET requests to the file repository now return a Content-Length header which lets the requesting clients know the size of the files before downloading them. This makes the progress bar in the file repository more reliable. </td>
<td>
MTM-41679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Data broker</td>
<td> A rare issue has been eliminated where the connector state on the destination tenant was not reflecting the connector deletion on the source side. This situation could have been observed when the connector was deleted shortly after creation (few minutes). </td>
<td>
MTM-45108</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
Enterprise Tenant</td>
<td> Custom brandings are now always shown when applying a new branding to child tenants. Prior to this change, it could happen that in some combinations the Cumulocity IoT branding was shown. </td>
<td>
MTM-43088</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Inventory roles</td>
<td> Fixed an issue in Administration > Accounts > Users > (user) > Inventory roles where it was not possible to provide a user access to a subgroup from its owner (in case the owner was not an admin user). Now the list displays all groups and subgroups from the user's owner correctly. </td>
<td>
MTM-39536</td>
</tr>

<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Java SDK</td>
<td> The vulnerable library xercesImpl 2.7.2 has been removed from the Cumulocity IoT SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-44396</td>
</tr>

<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Java SDK</td>
<td> PlatformImpl and PlatformParameters are no longer directly exposed as Spring beans. The reason for this change is to avoid unintentionally mixing Spring managed, with Spring unmanaged instances of platform APIs, which could lead to resource leaks.
Platform interface and/or API interfaces can be used to obtain all, or parts of platform features.
@EnableMicroservicePlatformApi now provides all platform API beans in both tenant and user scopes.
Also API getters on Platform bean will now return the same singleton that can be auto-wired directly. </td>
<td>
MTM-41543</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Fixed the issue where the microservice proxy removed trailing slashes from request URIs passed to microservices. </td>
<td>
MTM-43037</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The error message which shows up on uploading an invalid microservice docker image has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-39240</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> Microservices</td>
<td> The vulnerable library xercesImpl 2.7.2 has been removed from the Cumulocity IoT SDK. </td>
<td>
MTM-44396</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td> The performance for querying by c8y_Mobile.iccid on the inventory API has been improved. Previously users observed slow querying. </td>
<td>
MTM-40522</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> MongoDB</td>
<td> The performance and memory consumption of inventory "query by text" has been improved by disabling the result sorting. This change is behind a feature toggle and must be switched on by the system administrator for a particular tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-42503</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> Fixed a race condition, where TCP packets were received in wrong order, resulting in the operation status reverting back to PENDING state on a delivery update. </td>
<td>
MTM-39815</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Fixed a race condition during event binary upload which caused a wrong binary assignment. </td>
<td>
MTM-43591</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> It is now possible to use decimal numbers with the Inventory Query Language. You must add a "d" or "f" suffix to mark an element as decimal number instead of a string, for example <br>
<code>GET {url}/inventory/managedObjects?query=$filter=price+lt+2.5d</code>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43024</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> REST API</td>
<td> Bulk device registration now correctly processes all UTF-8 characters, including special characters. </td>
<td>
MTM-43915</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> REST API</td>
<td> Fixed a memory leak for binary download that could occur when the download process was broken due to timeout or error. </td>
<td>
MTM-44662</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b> REST API</td>
<td> The validation for the alarm source during creation has been improved. If an invalid source format is provided, a valid HTTP error code 422 is now returned instead of the error code 500. </td>
<td>
MTM-37423</td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>
SmartREST</td>
<td> Fixed Joda DateTime serialization for dates incoming to the platform as part of a custom SmartREST 2.0 request. </td>
<td>
MTM-37812</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b>SmartREST</td>
<td> In custom SmartREST 2.0 response templates that parse array parameters only the first element was escaped when control characters were used. We now ensure that all returned array elements are escaped when necessary. </td>
<td>
DM-679</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
<b>NEW:</b>UI</td>
<td> In various places in various applications a typeahead search control was shown in the background of an open window which distracted the interaction with the window. This issue is now fixed. </td>
<td>
MTM-44789</td>
</tr>


</tbody></table></div>
