---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.18.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.15.3 correlator.
EPL apps developers should also refer to [What's New In Apama 10.15.3](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pam/10.15.3/en/webhelp/pam-webhelp/index.html#page/pam-webhelp%2Fco-WhaNewInApa_10153_top.html)
in the Apama documentation.

### Improvements for EPL apps

A new EPL library has been added, similar to Python's `functools` library,
providing functional operations such as `map`, `filter` and `reduce` in both a functional style and a fluent style.
These operate on EPL `sequence` and `dictionary` containers and on a new generator concept,
also provided by this library, for lazy evaluation of sequences.
This provides EPL developers with modern language features for developing more concise and understandable code.
There is also a partial function execution library to allow currying of function arguments when using callbacks.
To use functional operations in EPL apps, you must import the relevant types:

```
using com.apama.functional.Fn;
using com.apama.functional.Functional;
```

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

The **Cron Timer** block now has a **Time Zone** parameter to customize which time zone this block is relative to.

### First-time activation of Analytics Builder

In some circumstances, Analytics Builder must be activated by the user before it is used for the first time. If you see the **Activate** button for Analytics Builder on the home screen of the Streaming Analytics application, clicking this will start the process. This process may take a few minutes.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The <b>Latch Values</b> block did not start disabled when the <b>Enable</b> input port was connected,
which meant that it generated a pulse signal on the <b>Disabled</b> output port on the first false <b>Value</b> input, which it should not.
This has now been fixed.
The <b>Enabled</b> output port of the <b>Latch Values</b> block generates a pulse signal when the block is enabled but was previously disabled.
Likewise, the <b>Disabled</b> output port of the <b>Latch Values</b> block generates a pulse signal when the block is disabled but was previously enabled.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3441</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>
