---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.15.0.0
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.14.1.0 - 10.14.134.0; 10.15.0.0 - 10.15.0.125-->

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Duplicating an application is now directly possible from the application list. Moreover, the process of duplicating a subscribed application has been improved. The application name, key and path will now be kept from the original application per default. </td>
<td>
MTM-45075</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Fixed the issue in the <b>Status</b> tab of an application, that it subscribes to the /managedobjects/* realtime channel, but does not unsubscribe from it when the user leaves the tab. Now this tab uses the /managedobjects/{{id}} realtime channel instead and correctly unsubscribes from it. It prevents the unnecessary communication between the UI application and core nodes (less realtime notifications), which otherwise could lead to higher resources usage on backend (CPU and memory). </td>
<td>
MTM-45279</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> For users with TOTP enabled, the <b>Enforce TOTP setup for the user</b> checkbox is now disabled until the <b>Revoke TOTP secret</b> button has been clicked. </td>
<td>
MTM-36755</td>
</tr>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> The user creation API and the tenant creation API now require the email address property value as mandatory. </td>
<td>
MTM-34357</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> A new value for the application "availability" property has been introduced: SHARED. SHARED is designed to share applications of type Hosted (web applications) inside the tenant hierarchies.
<br><br>
A query <code>/application/applications?availability=SHARED&amp;type=HOSTED</code>, will return in the response applications owned by the current tenant, The Enterprise tenant parent (if the tenant has an Enterprise tenant parent), and the Management tenant, regardless of the subscriptions. However, the query will not return applications from child tenants, so the Management tenant will only show its SHARED applications.
<br><br>
Additionally you can now explicitly change the application availability with a PUT request with the values PRIVATE/MARKET/SHARED, which was not possible previously. The platform will not allow to change the availability to PRIVATE if the application is subscribed to any other tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-45320</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> When the preferred login mode is set to Basic Auth, then the Basic Auth restrictions are hidden, to avoid the situation that the user can turn on "Forbidden for web browsers" and then gets blocked from logging into the platform. </td>
<td>
MTM-45534</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> Users who are logged in with OAI-Secure do no longer have to logout after changing their own password. Accordingly, the information about a required logout will only be shown if the password has been changed for another user. </td>
<td>
MTM-45720</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Inventory roles</td>
<td> Optimized the resources usage on the core platform for inventory roles and inventory hierarchy related requests. </td>
<td>
MTM-45224</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td>The X-Request-ID value is now propagated to the mongo queries and will be visible in MongoDB logs. </td>
<td>
MTM-43239</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MongoDB</td>
<td> Implemented a time-series health check based on the MongoDB database version. </td>
<td>
MTM-46130</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> The MQTT message handling has been improved. This results in reduced load on the platform side when many devices disconnect and reconnect in a short period of time, for example due to a network outage. </td>
<td>
MTM-45142</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Notifications 2.0</td>
<td> The Notification 2.0 API has a new REST operation to unsubscribe a consumer from a notification subscription. It is also possible to unsubscribe a consumer over the WebSocket protocol. Refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0//reference/notifications/" class="no-ajaxy">Notifications 2.0<a/> in the <i>Reference guide</i> and <a href="https://cumulocity.com/api/10.15.0/#tag/Notification-2.0-API" class="no-ajaxy">Notifications 2.0<a/> in the Cumulocity IoT OpenAPI Specification for the usage. </td>
<td>
MTM-42417</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Notifications 2.0</td>
<td> The Notifications 2.0 API has been extended to explicitly support subscribing to events and alarms from a parent managed object and its child objects in a single subscription request. </td>
<td>
MTM-46240</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> The measurement creation performance has been improved by removing redundant read requests to the database. </td>
<td>
MTM-44162</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
REST API</td>
<td> Responses to a GET request to <code>/tenant/currentTenant</code> now also return the parent tenant when queried with <code>withParent=true</code>. </td>
<td>
MTM-43806</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
SmartREST</td>
<td> A new static SmartREST operation response template is available for the device to handle advanced software operations:
<br>529,serial,softwareToBeUpdated1,version1,softwareType1,url1,action1,softwareToBeUpdated2,version2,softwareType2,url2,action2,...
<br>
See also <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/reference/smartrest-two/#mqtt-static-templates/" class="no-ajaxy">MQTT static templates<a/> in the <i>Reference guide</i>.

</td>
<td>
DM-678</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>



### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> On duplicating a hosted application, the application manifest (<i>cumulocity.json</i> file) of the cloned application will now be updated if the application name, key or path has been changed. </td>
<td>
MTM-45153</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Administration</td>
<td> Blocked the possibility to create hosted applications with names starting with the "feature-" prefix. </td>
<td>
MTM-21575</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Audit logs</td>
<td> To support white-labeling, the term "Cumulocity" has been removed from the login audit log entries. </td>
<td>
MTM-43936</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Audit logs</td>
<td> The audit log descriptions in the <b>Audit logs</b> page have been unified towards consistently using the "OAI-Secure" term. </td>
<td>
MTM-46177</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Audit logs</td>
<td> Missing German translations for various fields and tooltips in the <b>Audit logs</b> page in the Administration application have been added.
<td>
MTM-43353</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> Setting token and session timeouts to values bigger then 2^31 (or to invalid values such as text strings) do no longer cause the creation of incorrect sessions and do no longer lock out users. If an invalid value is used, the system uses the default timeout instead. </td>
<td>
MTM-43735</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Authentication</td>
<td> It is now possible to display all audit log entries related to auth configuration by filtering by "Tenant Auth configuration". </td>
<td>
MTM-45072</td>
</tr>



<tr>
<td>
Data broker</td>
<td> Vulnerable libraries inside the databroker-agent-server microservice were updated in order to address CVE-2020-36518. <br>Update details:
<br>- pulsar-client updated from 2.8.2 to 2.8.3
<br>- jackson-databind updated from 2.12.6 to 2.12.7 </td>
<td>
MTM-46149</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Data retention</td>
<td> The performance for type-based retention rules has been improved. </td>
<td>
MTM-45169</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise tenant</td>
<td> On the <b>Branding</b> tab, only supported image file formats can now be set for:
<br>- Favicon: *.ico
<br>- Brand logo: *.png, *.svg, *.jpg
<br>- Navigator logo: *.png, *.svg, *.jpg </td>
<td>
MTM-44754</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Enterprise tenant</td>
<td> Subtenants of an Enterprise tenant can be created only inside the domain of that Enterprise parent tenant, for example, <i>parent.example.com</i> is allowed to create subtenants only under <i>*.example.com</i>. </td>
<td>
MTM-41980</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> The microservice package plugin now also works on Apple M1 machines. </td>
<td>
DM-392</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> Added support for using microservices with non-ASCII characters in credentials. </td>
<td>
MTM-44368</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Microservices</td>
<td> A new parameter <code>overwriteOnUpdate</code> has been introduced to the customer settings of the microservice manifest to control whether the settings should be reset upon microservice update.  Refer to <a href="https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.15.0/microservice-sdk/concept/#manifest" class="no-ajaxy">General aspects > Microservice manifest<a/> in the <i>Microservice SDK guide</i> for more information. </td>
<td>
MTM-46037</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
MQTT</td>
<td> Previously MQTT QoS in consecutive subscriptions to one topic could not be lowered. For example, when subscribing with QoS=2, and unsubscribing and subscribing to the same topic with QoS=1, the platform ignored this and still worked with QoS=2. Now it works as requested. </td>
<td>
MTM-38437</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single sign-on</td>
<td> The error message "Invalid Base64 string", which shows up when the IAM-token cannot be parsed, has been replaced by the more comprehensive message "Cannot decode token from authorization server. Check JWT token format and Base64 encoding". </td>
<td>
MTM-45154</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Single Sign On</td>
<td> Fixed the issue that you could not log in via SSO when an application or microservice used in dynamic access mapping was unsubscribed and removed from the tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-44548</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Smartrules</td>
<td> It is now again possible to add smartrules for subscribed microservices, not only for applications installed directly on the tenant. </td>
<td>
MTM-45519</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed an issue with missing buttons and links to the <i>User guide</i> in empty pages, for example in the <b>Global smart rules</b> page in the Cockpit application. </td>
<td>
MTM-45793</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
UI</td>
<td> Fixed an issues with broken column resizing in views based on the data grid component (for example, the device selection for group assignment or for bulk operation execution) and fixed the layout issues in the actions column (for example, custom actions are shown on hover in the same way as the built-in ones, custom actions without a defined icon show a label instead). </td>
<td>
MTM-31790</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Various</td>
<td> Fixed the content margins on the two-factor authentication and user password popup windows. </td>
<td>
MTM-46922</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
