---
weight: 13
title: Release 10.15.0.452
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.0.435 - 10.15.0.452-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Administration</td>
<td>Improved the performance of the user hierarchy management by reducing the number of server requests executed when expanding the sub-user list.</td>
<td>MTM-49969</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Administration</td>
<td>In some cases log files of devices stored in the platform could not be downloaded from the <b>Logs</b> tab. This has been addressed by requesting with the correct user credentials.</td>
<td>DM-2471</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Messaging Service</td>
<td>Fixed an issue where requests from the core platform into the Messaging Service could take a long time to complete, slowing down the response to HTTP requests and potentially preventing the platform from handling new incoming requests. For example, a request from the core platform to publish a message using Notifications 2.0 could block if the tenant had reached its quota for unconsumed notifications, only timing out after a long delay. This issue has been resolved by ensuring that Messaging Service requests that would have blocked now time out quickly.</td>
<td>MTM-53509</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Messaging Service</td>
<td>Error handling for Notification 2.0 was improved for the unlikely case that Pulsar is unavailable.</td>
<td>MTM-48138</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Notifications 2.0</td>
<td>DELETE notifications for Notifications 2.0 subscriptions to specific managed objects - that is, subscriptions to the <code>managedObjects</code> API in the <code>mo</code> context - should now always be sent.  Previously, these notifications were not reliably sent in all cases.</td>
<td>MTM-54097</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>
