---
weight: 48
title: 10.17.0.289
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.17.0.269 - 10.17.0.289-->


### Fixes

<table >
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Device management</td>
<td>In the <b>Device profiles</b> page, when adding a repository item (software, firmware, configuration) if the device profile has a device type defined, the items shown either correspond to this device type or they don't have a device type specified. In some cases, repository items without a filter were not visualized in the window for adding an item. These items are now correctly shown.</td>
<td>DM-2547</td>
<td>10.17.0.278</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>A fail-safe mechanism to regularly get pending LWM2M device connector operations from the platform has been added in addition to the real-time mechanism in the LWM2M agent. This mechanism is beneficial when real-time connections between the LWM2M agent and the platform are unstable.</td>
<td>DM-2652</td>
<td>10.17.0.289</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>If thousands of decoder events were pending to be processed, the LWM2M agent tried to process the same event twice in certain cases. As a result, the log file showed confusing SDK exceptions. This has now been fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2659</td>
<td>10.17.0.281</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>During a large number of parallel LWM2M DTLS device connection requests, used for devices using PSK secured mode, the LWM2M agent was not able to handle all connections at the same time. This caused connection failures for these devices to the platform. In the LWM2M agent, the default settings for this part have been adjusted and made configurable to serve large parallel connections.</td>
<td>DM-2651</td>
<td>10.17.0.276</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>
