---
weight: 49
title: 10.17.0.268
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.17.0.217 - 10.17.0.268-->

### Fixes

<table >
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>


<tr>
<td>Connectivity</td>
<td>The performance of MQTT connections has been improved. MQTT devices can now connect or reconnect faster, especially if the platform already has a large number of MQTT devices connected.</td>
<td>MTM-53819</td>
<td>10.17.0.219</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>When reading an entire LWM2M object which contains multiple object instances, in a simple read observer or send operation, the LWM2M agent processed and stored only one of the resources of these object instances. This is now resolved and the LWM2M agent processes and stores all resource data from multiple object instances correctly.</td>
<td>DM-2426</td>
<td>10.17.0.264</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>If the LWM2M device observation frequency is high, for example, a few milliseconds, the LWM2M Agent processed the same message multiple times, occupying a lot of resources. This is now resolved. The LWM2M agent no longer reprocesses the same observation request.</td>
<td>DM-1823</td>
<td>10.17.0.248</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>
<td>The LWM2M agent now correctly persists all registration update parameters. Previously, the LWM2M agent did not store changes of registration parameters, for example, updated registration lifetimes. This is now fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2503</td>
<td>10.17.0.235</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>The application of OPC UA device protocols was unreliable when there were more than 1000 protocols. This is now fixed.</td>
<td>DM-2634</td>
<td>10.17.0.264</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>
<td>In OPC UA device gateway nodes, expected but missing information prevented the completion of the address space scan operation. This is now fixed by skipping these nodes and adding an error message in the opcua-device-gateway log files.
Additionally, the overall scanning speed has been improved for the full and partial address space scan operations.</td>
<td>DM-2365</td>
<td>10.17.0.234</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table>
