---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0
layout: redirect
---

### Apama correlator version

This release of Cumulocity IoT Streaming Analytics includes the Apama version 10.15.1 correlator.
EPL Apps developers should also refer to [What's New In Apama 10.15.1](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pam/10.15.1/en/webhelp/pam-webhelp/index.html#page/pam-webhelp%2Fco-WhaNewInApa_10151_top.html)
in the Apama documentation.

### Improvements in Analytics Builder

The **Type** parameter of the [Selector](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.16.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Flow_Manipulation_Selector.html)
block now supports JSON for setting the type of the output value.
If **JSON** is selected as the type, all input parameter values must be valid JSON values of the same type.
This allows the **Selector** block to output properties which can be used, for example,
with the **Set Properties** block to generate different sets of properties for the output blocks,
depending on which input port of the **Selector** block is enabled.

The [Combiner](https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.16.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Flow_Manipulation_Combiner.html)
block now offers a new mode called **Latest Updated**. When selected, it outputs the
value which was most recently updated, even if the actual value is not changed.
This is useful when you need the latest published value from multiple values.
For example, if you have a number of sensors that measure the temperature periodically at different intervals
and you want to get the latest temperature received by the block by all of those sensors,
you can use the **Combiner** block with the **Latest Updated** mode.
This provides the latest published temperature, even if a sensor measures and publishes the same temperature.
For clarity, the existing **Latest** mode has been renamed to **Latest Changed**.
When using the **Latest Changed** mode, a value is not considered changed if the actual value does not change.
For example, when using the **Latest Changed** mode with temperature sensors,
it outputs the sensor value whose temperature was most recently changed.

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col style="width: 15%;">
    <col style="width: 70%;">
    <col style="width: 15%;">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="text-align:left">Component</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Description</th>
<th style="text-align:left">Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The reset behavior of the
<a href="https://documentation.softwareag.com/pab/10.16.0/en/webhelp/pab-webhelp/index.html#page/pab-webhelp%2Fre_AnaBui_block_reference_Aggregates_DiscreteStatistics.html">Discrete Statistics</a>
block has been corrected.
Previously, the block had incorrectly sampled the previous value when resetting,
which could result in incorrect statistics.
For example, when the <b>Discrete Statistics</b> block was used for counting,
the count started with 1 instead of 0 after the reset.
This has been fixed so that the block does not sample the previous value after the reset until
a new value is received. If a new value is received along with the reset signal,
the new value is sampled after the block has been reset.</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3195</td>
</tr>
<td style="text-align:left">Analytics Builder</td>
<td style="text-align:left">The value of the <code>timestamp</code> field of the <code>apama.analyticsbuilder.Value</code> event when used as an input value in a custom block was incorrect in some situations.
This has been fixed so that the <code>timestamp</code> field now contains the correct timestamp of the value.
</td>
<td style="text-align:left">PAB-3363</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
